Manufacturers of Rebel Wear
PO Box 338, Fallston, NC 28042-0338 — At the Light on Main Street
IN OCR S* YEAR OF A LIFETIME COMMITMENT
100% Made in Dixie
COTTON PRODUCTS GROWN, WOVEN, PRINTED, SEWN, AND PACKED IN THE SOLTI
COMFORTERS - $34.95
COMFORTERS SHEETS PILLOW CASES SHAMS WINDOW CURTAINS TABLE CLOTHS NAPKINS BANDANAS SCRUNCHIES
ALL ITEMS A YAlLABLE IN OCR REBEL WEAR™ FA TIERS
100% FINEST COTTON AFGHANS
3-PLY, 48” X 70”, THICK & SOFT
$29.95
ALL ITEMS AVAILABLE NOW FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY
Order early for Christmas!
ORDER BY FAX, PHONE, E-MAIL, MAIL OR ONLINE Our store is open 9:00-5:00 (EST) Mon - Sat Phone / Fax: (704) 538-1865 or 1861 E-mail: rebsorders^confederatesupply.com
REBSRUS.COM fl
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, Money Order or Personal Check.
(Orders paid bj personal check will he held until dean.)
MSI I OUR WEB SITE FOR THESE H EMS, FLAGS AND MUCH MORE
SCV- MOSB MEMBER OWNED & OPERATED — WHOLESALE • RETAIL
PO Box 1496 Columbia, TN 38402 www.southernmcrcury.com
Publisher Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief
Frank B. Powell, III editor@southemmercury. com
from the
Editor
As you can see from this issue's cover, our focus this time is secession. We welcome Walter “Donnie” Kennedy to our pages as he points out that secession is not a Southern idea, but one of the foundations the United States was built on. The Rev. Dr. Donald P. Richmond gives us an interesting essay on Robert E. Lee's feelings on secession and how this relates to todays Episcopal Church.
Contributors
James Ronald Kennedy Rev. Dr. Donald P. Richmond Michael W. Masters Rev. Robert Slimp David S. Reif Josie Golden Ann Rives Zappa Walter D. Kennedy
Advertising Representatives Jack E. Marlar 2161 Greenpond Road Fountain Inn, SC 29644 864-862-3946
Skip Earle 701 Huffine Manor Circle Franklin, TN 37067 615-790-8682
Subscriptions
$28 per year for six issues.
Send to address above in the form of check or money order.
Southern Mercury is published bimonthly by the Foundation for the Preservation of American Cul-tun, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this magazine may be reproduced or transmitted without the written permission of the publisher. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained within; however, FPAC assumes no liability for accuracy or omissions. The opinions expressed by the authors of signed articles reflect the personal views of the writers and arc not necessarily a statement ol FPAC policy.
Michael Masters returns with an article on presidential candidate Howard Dean’s recent encounter with the Confederate Flag “tar baby” and how the Southern candidates are really out of touch with the people they claim to represent.
You can’t think of secession without thinking about states' rights. Governor Warren Hearnes of Missouri was one of the last of the Southern state’s rights governors. David S. Reif joins us and tells this story. I’m sure most people today have not even heard of Hearnes, much less know how he stood up to an overpowering and growing federal government. This article is very interesting reading and gives us good insights about why things are like they are today and how we got here.
Judge Roy Moore has been back in the news lately, and Rev. Robert Slimp provides us with a personal interview with Judge Moore and an update on the recent court ruling in Alabama. After reading this, I think you will agree we need more judges in this country like Judge Moore.
Uncle Seth returns with another reminiscence of his wartime experiences, this time dealing with slavery. And, by coincidence, Ann Zappa shares with us a book review dealing with the issue of slavery and the myths and falsehoods that are still pushed as the truth today.
I feel this is our best issue yet, and I hope you agree. Our goal is to make each issue better that the last one, so let me know how we are doing.
This is our last issue for 2003, and I hope all our readers have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Thanks for your support. Until then,
I remain,
Yours in the Cause,
© 2003 H’A< . Inc.
Editor-in-Chief
our readers__
Opinions
Letters to the editor are welcome. We love to hear from our readers, both pro and con. Please limit your remarks to 500 words or less. We will print a representative sample in each issue.
Mercury on the right track
To the Editor
Just a short note to let you know how much 1 appreciate the Southern Mercury. It is the best thing the SCV has ever done in the Cause of the South.
As I look at the list of contributing writers, I know you are on the right track.
A special thank you to Commander Ron Wilson and yourself. Buddy Kirtland Collinwood, TN
Southerners must do their talking at the voting booth
To the Editor:
It seems that showing disrespect to the Confederate Flag can be very detrimental to Southern politicians.
Governor Ronny Musgrove of Mississippi advocated, along with pandering to the NAACP, to change the Mississippi State Flag to abolish the part pertaining the Confederate Battle Flag. Millions of dollars were spent, celebrities were brought in — but to no avail. The proponents of the present flag with a portion containing the Battle Flag won by over two to one. The governor lost his governorship to the Republicans for the First time in more than a hundred years.
Former Governor Roy Barnes of Georgia met with the likes of Jesse Jackson and changed the Georgia State Flag, removing the Battle Flag portion
without the people having a choice in the matter. The people resented what they called the “Jesse Jackson Flag” and told him they would get him in the next election. His opponent told the people he would give them a chance to vote on the old flag or the new one. He was elected as the first Republican governor in more than 100 years along with the Georgia legislature. But he lied and will be voted out in the next election. The people got a new flag but not the one they wanted.
Since no one speaks for the South, we must do our talking at the polls. The majority of white native-born Southerners are descended from Confederate soldiers and they love the Battle Flag. They believe as did President Theodore Roosevelt when he said “the world has never known better soldiers that those who followed Lee.” Politicians, beware!
The one politician you will never hear making disparaging remarks about the Confederate Flag is George W. Bush. During the Republican Presidential Debate in Columbia, SC, featuring Bush and McCain, they were asked the question of what to do about the rebel flag flying over the State capi-tol by narrator Peter Jennings. The crowd booed and Bush picked up on it right away. He said, “The people of South Carolina should decide what to do about the flag,” and the crowd cheered. Consequently, he went on to capture all the States of the old Confederacy which gave him 180 of the 240 electoral votes he needed to win. Southerners have long memories and
an even longer love affair with the Confederate soldier.
Maybe Howard Dean should have stated that in fairness May should be declared Confederate History Month. That way he would really give Bush a run for his money.
Jack Jacobs Salisbury, NC
Hope you succeed and pound home the truth
To the Editor:
I am deeply gratified at reading so much TRUTH in the first issue of the Southern Mercury. I hope from the bottom of my heart that this is a beginning of an increasing publication of the truth of our history and repudiation of the craven lies and propaganda passed off as history for the past 140 years, even worse for the past 50 years.
Born in 1928,1 reached maturity and finished college before the liberal onslaught and the culture war, and I have been a student of history most of my life, beginning with that imparted to me by parents, grandparents and great-grandparents, for which I am thankful and fortunate. However, knowing the truth of our history has made it extremely frustrating to be subjected to the Yankee myth and liberal Fiction with no voices heard in rebuttal. None were allowed. South-hating zealots have controlled education and the entertainment news media, and TV is their exclusive domain. This has been by default, partly. Not since
2 — Novemher/1 Jcccniher 2003
Southern Mercury
prior to WWII have Southern leaders spoken out, or been allowed to by the liberals.
Since 1950 we have given our childrens minds to TV and the atheist government schools. What could we expect would be the result? Just listen to the speech of youngsters in any part of the South and you will hear from many, if not most of them, the corrupted, sissified Northern urban accent they hear from infancy on TV Consider the abominable “music” they play on their car radios and record players. They didn’t learn it from my generation.
I sincerely hope your publication will succeed and pound home the truth of history, exposing the big lie of the Yankee myth and atheist liberalism.
Although we hold certain truths to be self-evident, only informed citizens will grasp them, so they must be
“Our sworn enemies have been able to intimidate us. They have all the money and all the power, but we have the truth. Will we use it?”
publicized vigorously and repeatedly to break through the hypnotic haze of the pall cast by the fanatic propagandists who have an iron grip on universities, government schools, federal judiciary and the horrifically powerful entertainment and news industry.
Our sworn enemies have been able to intimidate us. They have all the
money and all the power, but we have the truth. Will we use it?
Please accept my deep appreciation for your efforts.
May I suggest, but probably don’t need to, that you study marketing research on the most effective impact on various age groups and other elements to be reached. Marketing research has paid off fantastically for advertisers and propagandists. Surely we can see the truth.
Clyde LeFevre
Garden City, MI
PS: One of the sorest matters to me is that we are constantly lectured, until we have accepted it, that we must be ever so careful to watch every word lest we “offend” some “minority,” while we are grievously offended every day in every way by the hate-driven South-bashers on every TV channel except the Weather Channel, it seems. Are we to be intimidated into oblivion?
r	 ^ GTtme£ (Examiner		Franklins 1
The Conservative Weekly Newspaper		Printing • Digital Imaging^^' Copying
Featuring News and Views with a		7&e Sell Service 1
Traditional Southern Flavor		Quick Printing • Booklets
U nreconstructed		Large Digital Copy Jobs Invitations • Laminating • Manuals
Annual Subscription only $22		Color Copying
		Fax * Brochures
For a free sample copy.		We Can Handle Digital Files For Both
Call (864) 268-0576		Color A Black A White Digital Copying
Email: TheTimesExaminer@myexcel.com		3822 Commercial CL. Ste A * Martines, Georgia 30907 (Located Across from the Martines Boat Office)
or write:		
The Times Examiner 44E-2 Pine Knoll Drive, Greenville, SC 29509		(706) 650-3177 Fax (706) 650-3179 B* mails alanfl27@belisouth.net
assflgg Published and Edited by HK H Sons of Conf ederate Patriots SseI V 			==J		. www.fankllns-augusta.com ill Proudly Supporting Our Southern Heritage
cury
Southern Mer
November/December 2003
1
Industrial Process Engineering Automation /Mechanical /Electrical
INC.
CONTROL SYSTEMS ASSOCIATES, INC
Incorporated in 1984, CSA is a full service company specializing in the planning, engineering and design for the Industrial Process and Manufacturing Industries.
CSA will provide all engineering disciplines required for a project, including:
Proeess/Mechanical • Electrical Instrumentation • System Integration
1550 E. Main St. Ext. • PO Box 310 Duncan, SC 29334
(864) 433-9333 wdgeen@csaincsc.com
A Factual Look Behind The Legend
The first documentary video
Place Your Order Today
-1896
mbcr/l December 2003
CAMERAS UNLIMITED
641 Wade Hampton Blvd. GreenvilUy SC29609
Full Service Camera Store
864-27i >029

1-800- MY DIXIE www.scv.org
The Sons of Confederate Veterans was founded in 1896 for the purpose of preserving and defending the history and principles of the South. It still serves today as a means for a gentleman to honor his Southern ancestry with memorial, historical and educational activities.
If you are a male descendant of a ancestor who fought for th-Confederacy, claim your heritag-NOW with pride.
Kenneth Stone Wayne Eddleman
123 S. Hedge Street Simpsonville, SC 29681

(803) 963-4042 Toll Free: 1-877-256-4279
i
Howard Dean Meets The
Tar Baby
By Michael W. Masters
Somewhere out there. Uncle Remus must be laughing his head off — and Brer Rabbit is no doubt clucking sympathetically. Throughout the land of our birth, Southerners are trying to decide which is more insulting. Democratic presidential candidate and former Vermont Governor Howard Dean’s stereotyping of the natives of a region with one of the top ten economies in the world as pickup drivin , rebel flag wavin’ Bubbas; his hasty retreat from seeking the votes of such worthies to abandoning the flag they love; or the piling-on of the entire Democratic candidate field at Mr. Dean’s expense.
Whatever Southerners’ preference in this unhappy Hobson’s choice, it seems clear that Mr. Dean has firmly grasped the Southern Tar Baby with both hands — and the gooey eminence of story and legend shows little inclination to release its grip on his political aspirations. Mr. Dean has tripped on a conundrum many a politician has faced in the past few decades: Southern issues can be a quagmire for non-Southern candidates seeking the presidency. (We will return to this vital theme, for it shows that we have more control over our own destiny than we think.)
The facts of the case arc simple enough. In an appeal to Southern
working class whites,
Mr. Dean declared that “I want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate Flags in their pickup trucks. We can’t beat George Bush unless we appeal to a broad cross-section of Democrats.”
Not a bad overture to a large and
influential block of voters, and many Southerners probably appreciated the gesture — however hollow some may have believed it to be and however tiresome the pickup truck metaphor may have become. But, the emptiness of the Vermonter’s words soon became evident.
It all started at a Boston campaign event called, quaintly, Rock the Vote. Such is the degraded state of culture in postmodern America that everything must have a catchy sound bite name else it will not hook the attention of the dumbed-down proletarians America now numbers among its MacCitizens. At this event, a young black attendee announced to Mr. Dean that he was “extremely offended” by Dean’s embrace of the Confederate Flag. (Ever notice how only certain people
(aoUen
are entitled to be offended! For such people, offendedness is a form of aggression selectively practiced against those officially disapproved of — Southerners foremost among them. How do we Confederate Southern Americans get on the list of those allowed to claim righteous offendedness? One would think that having our homeland wrecked by a tyrannical invader and one quarter of our military-age men killed by same would entitle us to feel at least a little offended. But, alas, it hasn't worked out that way.)
At any rate, Dean's public putdown in Boston brought instant wrath from the piranhas of political correctness. Picking up the cudgels,
Southern Meriury
November/December 2003 — 3
A1 Sharpton (famous for his role in the Tawana Brawley phony rape scam) called the Confederate Flag “Americas swastika" and excoriated Dean for one of those all-purpose sins that only nonliberals can commit, insensitivity. Others quickly piled on,
and Dean was forced to beat a hasty retreat, attempting in the process to split the difference. “Many people in the African-American community have supported what I said in the past few days because they understand what this is about. But some have not, and to those I deeply regret the pain I have caused.”
Perhaps the worst offender in Mr. Deans public humiliation was North Carolina Senator John Edwards. In a frenzy of obsequious pandering to what he evidendy considers the dominant constituency of the Democratic Party, Edwards released a statement that is all too typical of the “tolerance for me but not for thee” mentality that dominates politics in these latter days. Edwards’ statement read, in part:
“What Governor Dean may not understand, is what the Confederate Flag means to us in terms of oppression and too often violence. If we embrace those who display the flag for the purpose of heralding that oppression, because we think they share some economic common ground with us, we then fail to share the moral common ground with the Southern Democrats, white and African-American, who have been the core of the Southern Democratic
I a\wards ought to know better.
He appears to be a slow learner else he could not have helped considering the fate of recent flag-hating
1 Southern politicians. Has he not heard of David Beasley, Mark Earley,
Jim Hodges and Roy Barnes? Has he not noticed that, after trashing the Confederate Flag — and thereby the men who carried it into battle in defense of their families, their homeland and their lawfully adopted Constitution — these turncoats are no longer in office? Forget the Presidency, Mr. Edwards; you’re going to have trouble getting elected dog catcher. In fact, you may have trouble eluding the dog catcher.
Senator Edwards’ statement is a damning indictment not only of Edwards himself but, more importantly, of the witch hunt political climate in America. Edwards’ words are offensive to Southerners on a number of levels. But, as usual, the insulting implications of his statement passed largely unnoticed in the urban cultural sewers where liberal cognoscenti sip French wine, nibble Brie and concoct damnable lies to print in their monopoly media outlets. So well did Edwards’ words adhere to liberal assumptions that they evoked no more scrutiny for factual content or consistency than would a report that the sun rose in the east last Tuesday morning.
But, Mr. Edwards’ words have not escaped notice in the South; they arc too patronizing and too false to stand unchallenged. Lei us examine the future former Sen. i s statement more closely to see jus ow much it tells us, not only aboi lr. Edwards himself but, more imp antly, about the cultural boh ism that dominates American p deal debate.
One of the best ways to deceive is to base one’s rhetoric on false assumptions. If the false assumptions are not refuted at the beginning of debate, it is virtually impossible to counter positions based on them. Liberals are masters of this deceith tactic — and Mr. Edwards is no exception. His first false assumptioi is that the flag must inevitably divi ie opinion along racial lines — a fact that Mr. Dean carefully notes in his apologia. Until agitators with agendas began stirring up divisions in the South, the Battle Flag was a symbol of cultural identity to most white Southerners and was frequently accepted as such by the regions blacks. Even today, away from the
cities and the reach of agitators, most still view it that way — as the decidedly mixed black vote in the Mississippi state flag referendum demonstrated.
The second false assumption is that the Confederate Battle Flag inherenth stands for oppression and violence. Companion to rhis is Edwards’ false claim that love of the flag and a common moral ground are on opposite sulo of an unbridgeable gap — with the
Dean was forced to beat a hasty retreat, attempting ... to split the difference. *
Howard Dean
tx
November/December 2003
i
u»nn
flag on the wrong side of that divide. Finally, implicit in Senator Edwards’ words is the remarkably defamatory assertion that those who display the flag do so for the purpose of “heralding” oppression. The reality is that, in addition to heritage, the flag is far more likely to be displayed for the same reason our ancestors carried it into battle: resistance to an oppressive and meddlesome federal government intent on bending all within its reach to the will and interest of the moneyed class.
Edwards’ words are a blood libel against every Southerner who took up arms to defend his native land, his family and his life’s work from the depredations of an illegal invader doing the dirty work of a rapacious Northern mercantile class engaged in the economic plunder of the Southern people. (Historians have amply documented the fact that 80% or more of the federal government s pre-war revenue came out of the pockets of Southerners in the form of exorbitant tariffs.) And, Edwards’ words do a disservice to millions of today’s Southerners who, having endured generations of ethnic cleansing and cultural imperialism, nevertheless
refuse to surrender one tattered scrap of the sacred banner their ancestors fought and died for.
The next false assumption is that flag-haters are the “core of the Southern Democratic Party.” The so-called Solid South of yesteryear was firmly Democratic and uniformly pro-South. We’ve not done a scientific survey, but we would guess that a good number of Mr. Edwards’
“Southern Democrats” still fly the Cross of St. Andrew
and grandfathers before them. The thread linking that older Democratic Party with today’s variety is at least a fig leaf of concern for the interests of ordinary working class Southerners. It was precisely those less affluent Southerners to whom
Howard Dean’s appeal was directed with his statement about pickup trucks and Confederate Flags.
Finally, Senator Edwards engages in a subtle form of reverse discrimination that has become all too pervasive. Those among us whose forebears were European are summarily dismissed as generic “whites,” while those whose ancestors came from the sub-Saharan region of
Africa are accorded the more culturally and ethnically accurate designation, African-American. The fact is that these terms foster a two-tier society — exaedy the opposite of the message of equality our adversaries hold up as their ideal but rarely observe in practice. As George Orwell wrote in Animal Farm, “All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.”
Despite its odious character, L’affair Dean holds an important message for Southerners. The South is a vital block within the Electoral
College. No doubt, Howard Deans appeal to working class Southerners was based on an understanding of the reality of Southern electoral power — power that derives from the fact that the South can still be solid when it comes to presidential elections. Super Tuesday, largely a regional primary dominated by Southern states, is a graveyard for non-Southern presidential aspirants, especially Southerners. Every Democratic president since John F.
Kennedy has been from the South: Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. A1 Gore, who narrowly-lost the Florida “dangling chad” recount in 2000, was from the So as well. (We do not pretend that of these men were actually South in their beliefs.)
Mr. Dean wanted our votes enough to risk embracing a flag th is perhaps the most demonized American symbol in history. As a Vermonter, Mr. Dean cannot evoke the sympathetic reception that Southern roots confer. The next best thing is to appeal directly to Southerners — which is exaedy what Dean did. Mr. Deans appeal blew up in his face not because the working class Southerners of European ancestry he spoke to did not care for his message but rather because his opponents valued other constituencies more.
But Mr. Dean’s original thesis is correct and his opponents are wrong
Continued on page 32
“Mr Edwards; you’re going to have trouble getting elected dog catcher.”
Southern Mercury
November/December 2003 — 7
Robert L Lee On Secession
By Rev. Dr. Donald P. Richmond
Our church is in crisis, and has been for many years.
As early as the 1860’s, if not before, the Episcopal Church has been engaged in a civil war. At issue, and at stake, were both the nature of the gospel and the nature of Anglicanism. This bloody battle continues.
A similar crisis, with similar concerns, confronted this great nation during the American War Between the States. Questions raged and sides were drawn about the nature of democratic government and the role of federal jurisdiction over the rights of individual states. Who would rule? Who had the most power? Who would win? What was right?
Robert E. Lee struggled with these questions, questions that ultimately revolved around secession, and answered them with integrity — — but also with great pain. His answers to the concerns facing America and his own conscience can help to shed a considerable amount of light upon the dilemma we arc currendy experiencing within the Anglican church today. What was l^ee's answer, and how did he arrive at it?
In order to understand Cicneral lice's decision and in order to arrive at a reasonable answer for ourselves,
several facts — for which there are parallels — will need to be appreciated. These are:
-	Lee was a patriot who philosophically opposed secession
-	Lee was opposed to slavery
-	Lee was a devoted Christian
-	Lee believed the Bible to be his final authority
-	Lee was a Book of
Common Prayer (BCP) Episcopalian.
Each of these points are vitally important to the consideration of secession in our Episcopal context.
Lee was opposed to secession {Call of Duty. J. Steven Wilkins. Nashville: Cumberland House Publishing,
1997. p.81). He did not want to separate from the Union. He loved his country, and it grieved him to think about such a possibility. Separation was for him a last resort.
It was a decision he made when he finally could make no other.
Slavery was an industry of which Lee did not approve (Chaplains in Cray. Charles F. Pitts. Nashville: Broadman Press, 1957. p.25). He was “antislavery and Unionist in
sentiment” (p. 25). “If the slaves of the south were mine, I would surrender them all without struggle to avert this war,” Lee suggested (Wilkins, 297). When told that his chaplains were holding him up in prayer, Lee said that he was “nothing but a poor sinner trusting in Christ alone for salvation”(Pitts, 62).
Lee was a devout Christian. His faith in Christ was central to who he was (Wilkins, 185), and this trust was unquestioning {Gods and Gene als. Jeff Shaara. New York: Ballantii^ Books, 1996. p.4). As a Christian, General Lee believed the Bible to be his final authority. He said that it was “the infallible word of God” (Wilkins, 191), and he preferred it before and above any other book {And One Was A Soldier. Robert R-
November/ December 2003
South* • Mercury
Brown. Shippensburgh, PA.: White Mane Books, 1998. p.21). It was critical to both his devotion and the decisions that he reached (Wilkins, 190-192).
Finally, Lee was an Episcopalian who loved his prayer book (Brown, 22). As a man who honored this text as second only to the Bible, it is unimaginable that the General would not have been shaped, governed and guided by it. In fact, the production of the BCP was of great concern to the Confederacy, and the North was as equally committed that the South should not have it {Historical Magazine of the Protestant Episcopal Church. G. Maclaren Brydon in The Confederate Prayer Book. December, 1948. p.339-344).
An appreciation of this great man as reflected in the above mentioned points will, should we care to listen, provide us with some direction both about the theological crisis we are facing and the path that we should take. General Lee had serious concerns about what the South would do if Lincoln were elected (Wilkins, 79-80). Talk about secession was already underway beforehand (Wilkins, 80). Might, as with Lee, this be a serious consideration for us now that Canon Gene Robinson has been elected to the episcopate? There can be no doubt that among many conservatives, Robinson is what a Bishop should not be. But let us reflect upon our topic with little consideration of a future that, even without Robinson, was uncertain at best.
What do Lees five perspectives lend to our thinking? His patriotism and his opposition to secession should cause every conservative to pause and seriously reflect upon the wisdom of division. Coming to the
Southern Mercury
conclusion of separation should not be easy. In fact, as Anglicans who share a history that resisted division, it should cause us considerable pain. Weeping and mourning are appropriate emotions when the decision to secede must be reached, should such a decision be necessary. Lees opposition to slavery also provides us with some clues as to whether secession is required. Are not many conservatives little more than slaves, if that, within their church and diocese? Conservatives are subject to every abusive whim imposed upon us by bishops who, as harsh taskmasters, do not share our Biblical emphasis and Anglican ethos. Beatings, not blessings, are what we can anticipate. Fellowship is greatly reduced when freedom and fairness, not to mention fundamental orthodoxy, are compromised. At best, at very best, conservatives have been effectively marginalized. Lees Christianity is also an important consideration. It should be for us as well. Given the many compromises that have already been made, can our communion even be considered to be a church of the New Testament? At least one person I know, whose opinion I gready respect, has suggested that we are more like Unitarians than anything else. Oddly, this was also a concern of the conservative Episcopal South before the War Between the States (Pitts, 16-26,1 believe).
Lee held the Bible and prayer book in the highest regard. Central to our conservative orientation is the very high view of Scripture and the BCP. The Bible is for conservatives the final court of appeal, and the BCP crucial to our identity and worship. Are these texts, as well as the values they espouse, upheld by and in our churches today? Are we
seeing the crisis for what it really is, or are we just “whistling Dixie” during the burning of Richmond? Would General Robert E. Lee have seceded from the Episcopal Church? Most, if not all, of what Lee held dear about the Episcopal Church has been subjected to carpetbagger bishops and their theology. Should Anglican conservatives secede? There are many reasons why we should. Serious compromises have been made. The nature of our Christian faith and our Anglican identity have been damaged, if not destroyed. The leadership of our church, at least in the United States and Canada, do not seem to notice or care. Abuses of conservative clergy and parishioners abound. What should we do, “Look away, look away. Dixieland”?
The Rev. Dr. Donald P. Richmond a priest of the Episcopal Orthodox Communion with the Missionary Society of St. Jude, is Dean of Christian Spirituality at St. Andrews Theological College and Seminary
November/ December 200.1 — 9
HeT(
II
kHisStand
Missouri Governor Warren Hearnes
caving the more familiar hills, small mountains, general JL J rough country of the Ozarks with its resort lakes and small towns, and moving south and east into the Missouri boothcel region is a geographically notable event for any traveler. The area south of Cape Girardeau is the beginning of the Mississippi River delta, and its flat manicured farmland contrasts starkly
w
with the toss and tumble of the predominately hilly rest of the state.
The Missouri boothcel is technically the southeastern protrusion of the state but is the generic term for all of the flat country of the delta. Many natives simply call the whole thing swamp-east noting the swampy region now mostly dried out by extensive subsurface drainage projects. It is a cultural entity as well. One Blytheville, Arkansas, wag observed that the bootheel was a place where you drove north to get to M ississippi. Seeing the tabletop-like landscape, the cotton and rice fields, and knowing of its traditional culture, one is strongly reminded of the western part of that state.
The boothcel is the home of former Democratic Governor Warren Hearnes (1964 1972) who now resides in his native town of Charleston where he quietly lives with his wife Betty, who is a five* ii i in veteran of the Missouri House. I had the privilege of interviewing
By David S. Reif
both the Governor and his wife. This political couple were witnesses to and participants in the pivotal years of the post-WW II period in American history. Like Missourians a century before, they were soldiers in a great ideological war.
The battle for Missouri continued in a different time, but the combatants were the same: the state vs. the central government.
If we are to believe history at all, we know that after the War Between the States ended, we entered into a vague and troubling period antiseptically called Reconstruction. Without going into a study of those times we can accept that they began to come to an end with what C. Vann Woodward described as the “Invisible Compromise of 1877” when Northern Republicans and Southern Democrats made a covert deal to (among other tilings) remove the occupation troops from the South and allow the states to resume a growing measure of sovereignty. The South became a soii ol "semi-autonomous /one in a pi i kkI ol diminishing federal involvement. This is impoitam to undeistand in the story ol what
happened to Warren Hearnes in the 1960 s, a time when this arrangement came to an end.
Reconstruction in Missouri w.is accomplished through the dreaded Drake Constitution. Like other states, disenfranchisement ol former Confederates was the law as well as a quasi-official policy ol expropriation and outright stealing ol the propero and land ot former secessionists aiul their supporters. The looting and humiliation of those people was as thorough as could be accomplished by the postwar Republicans. lYrhaps the beginning of the end of Kcvon struction in Missouri can be placed with Gen. |ohn Sappmgion
Novc mhi i/Di' « mbi • 2<MH
South*' u \Lu . i
Marmaduke (CSA) taking office as Railroad Commissioner in 1877, and completed with his election as governor in 1884 — the only former Confederate general to ever be elected governor.
The office of governor is an emblem of the times. As with Marmaduke, the election of Warren Hearnes came to the South in an uneasy and transitional time. In the twentieth century, America made the change from regional to global power, engaging in numerous trade and military wars to do it. By the second half of the century, the drive to consolidate the states into a vast homogeneous union was again part of the agenda of the powerbrokers who now lusted after the great scheme of internationalism.
After World War II
Although “winning” the War Between the States, the political fallout for the Union was disastrous and divisive. Regional animosities and ceaseless wars with Native American people took their toll on those who would centralize power. But by the end of WWII those struggles were behind them and once again Missouri was in the thick of a heady new batde.
Missourian Harry Truman assumed the Presidency in time to see the end of hostilities abroad, but they were just beginning at home. His fight to maintain civilian control of the military and the subsequent inter-departmental battles within the government are still not well understood but have shaped every aspect of foreign and domestic policy to this time.
As well as the dispute with Gen. MacArthur is known, the public pari of that brawl was only the tip of the
Southern Mercury
iceberg. From that dispute ominous vibrations deep inside of the lithosphere of the central government continue to ricochet inside its containment vessel. The National Security Act of 1947 erupted out of a post-war cauldron of money, power, and central authority that reshaped our notions about America. The recent Patriot Act is a direct policy result of those events that took place in the Truman Era.
Yet deeper in the bowels of the bureaucracy, Missourians were active in molding events that shook the government with the power of a bomb blast. A confidante of President Truman, St. Louis attorney Stuart Symington (who would become US Senator Symington), was involved in the human affairs crucible from which the Department of War was transmuted into the Department of Defense — a rearrangement of priorities that was much more than a benign name change.
The administrative warfare that was involved in this process moved global power blocks around Washington, DC, and led to the creation of President Eisenhowers cautionary term “...the military/industrial complex.” But in the short run the process of creating the Department of Defense also found its first Secretary and WW II war hero, Admiral Forrestal, dead under highly suspicious circumstances. At Bethesda Hospital his broken body was found on the pavement outside a tiny window from which he had “jumped” in a successful act of “suicide." A meeting with Stuart Symington was one of the last events on his schedule before he was hospitalized.
These are the swirling waters that were post-WW 11 America. The
1950 s and early 1960’s were not the tranquil period of malaise that the shapers of public opinion would like one to believe today. The events that shaped the era of Warren Hearnes in the 1960 s were the product of the still churning maelstrom of powercollecting in Washington. It was a place where men played hardball with A-bombs, and plans to control the world were being hammered out in backrooms and lounges with a double shot of bourbon in one hand and a Lucky Strike in the other. Military insiders, eager politicians, and defense contractors dreamed of far-flung projections of market power and might, and there wa little talk of quaint notions like states’ rights.
The Rise of LB j
In 1964 Lyndon Baynes Johnson, symbol of the Ne-political powerbroker, Texas \ . Dealer, and arguably the mos: and nationalistic President the United States has ever seen,' elected by a landslide over cor. tive Barry Goldwater. Warren Hearnes, West Point graduate, veteran legislator with a reputation as an anti-establishment populist, won the governors race in Missouri.
Johnson swooped to the Presidency by describing Goldwater as a right-wing nut and mindless warmonger. The Democratic Party was still riding a sympathy wave from the mysterious assassination of President Kennedy and anxiety about the smoldering war in far-off Indochina. The Kennedy era New Frontier social policies were still unscrutinized by the public whose understandable sentimentality for a fallen President colored their judgment.
November/Dcccmbcr 2003 — 11
Inauguration of Governor Hearnes, January 1965,
The New Dealers and their socialist programs continued to drive an American can-do attitude little diminished from the victory in WW II that made everything seem possible. An evolving national focus seemed to be replacing the state and local sensibilities that had served the country since its creation. National centralism coupled with New Deal socialism was rapidly redefining the American ethos.
Socialism is antithetical to the individualism that built America. Localism is not compatible with centralism. Here are the same ideas once more colliding in the American arena as they did in a violent manner during the War Between the States. That conflict lay unresolved in the spirit of the American people. The Constitutional roots that promoted Federalism as a solution to the conflict between central and local authority were deeply scarred by the Fourteenth and Sixteenth Amendments which strongly favored centralism.
Post-Civil War St. Louis was a rnecca for the Marxist veterans kicked out of hurope after the failed Revolution of 1848. 1 o a man this
socialist cadre had supported the Lincoln Administration. Carl Schurz, Franz Seigel, and Joseph Pulitzer cast their shadows but were not alone. This favorable ideological climate gave rise to the St. Louis Hegelian school of thought that would deeply tint the thinking of twentieth century socialists who would operate under the guise of progressives, liberals, and new leftists.
The St. Louis Hegelians explored the place of Marxist materialism in the American context and editorialized against the “brittle individualism” that flawed the American character. Newcomers to Missouri, these alien notions were in constant conflict with the innate wisdom of the Missourians whose bloodlines went to the South. The Hegelians favored centralism and its good works for society while supporting a professional class of intellectuals and bureaucrats. This important but little-known group continues to hold a substantial sway over liberal and other centralist thinking in our country.
Yet in 1964 a more traditional path was also being promoted: the
Southern way that emphasized a classical Greco-Roman world view informed by Christian ethics; a path of state and local policy that sought to strengthen society at its most fundamental level; trying to build a community-based culture that was so self-sufficient that it had little need for a strong centra government except what was laid o in the Constitution. Warren :arnes was the champion of this c 1 se.
Governor Warren Hearnes
Political insider and well-known Missouri capitol city reporter Jim Wolfe once told me that Hearnes was our “...transitional governor....” He said, “Hearnes filled the gap between the quiet Old South statesmanlike politician to the new style photographic media savvy clowns that we have now. Hearnes had sor ,e real substance to him and had ambition. People liked Warren and felt like he was going somewhere and taking the state with him. But he didn’t know that was his biggest problem. Outside of Missouri there were walls he didn’t see.”
Hearnes was young, handsome, popular, and charismatic. He was a vigorous man with a taste for controversy and a cocky attitude to match his energy. A political cartoon of him after his election portrayed a Samson like character breaking up a Roman-style temple with the caption reading “ Disestablishmentarian.*
This proved an important and prophetic distinction. Far from a liberal and not really a dogmatic conservative or a dimestore refbrnu Hearnes was unique in a political milieu overburdened with the teachings of all manner of centralist From socialists and communists to the Democratic liberals and equally big-government corporate Republi
] 2 Noveinbcr/Decembcr 2003
Southern Metvurv
cans, national centralism was in vogue. Hidden behind the Cold War and a plethora of other patriotic pretensions, the urge to expand centralized power was everywhere the rage. To overstate the passion for centralization among the intellectual elites of the Northeast and elsewhere alter World War II would be difficult.
1960 s Centralization In many ways by the 1960 s the country was near its zenith of power. The American military could intimidate the other former powers at will. American products dominated the world market still recovering from WW II. Industry boomed and the markets flourished. The money rolled into Washington, and it seemed that everyone’s hand was out for some of the booty. The central government could dispense a seemly endless variety of services and fund industry’s appetite for enormous construction and defense projects. The economy was called Guns and Butter after the government’s ability to give money to both the military and civilian economy.
Yet with government largess came government control. Johnson’s administration championed this idea. With each beneficial new program came centrally planned government regulations. The strings attached to these projects seemed benign enough at first, but as the paperwork mounted and the number of civil servants proliferated, the nature of restrictions became increas-ingly political. The agenda of central authority via the government in Washington and their allies on Wall Street started to cause friction, and the dislocations of political power started to reveal themselves.
Johnson vs Hearnes
The contrasts between Hearnes and Johnson were sharp, and evidently the people of Missouri wanted it that way. There was no love lost between the two. Gov. Hearnes related a story to me about being at L.B.J. s ranch in 1966 with a group of governors. After being harangued by Johnson, Hearnes stood up and began to list the demands the states had of his administration. An argument ensued, with Johnson telling Hearnes to shut up. After an icy silence, Governor McNair of South Carolina stood up and said, “Mr. President, don’t jump on Gov. Hearnes; he speaks for all of us.” After the meeting a stunned Johnson told his advisors to “...get that s.o.b. Hearnes out of here before the press gets to him.” That was only the beginning.
The Solid South Democrat Warren Hearnes set up shop in the governor’s mansion in Jefferson City, only vaguely aware of the ominous changes about to enter nearly every cherished institution of Dixie. He was neither a political scientist nor a sociologist in his orientation. A son of the rural South, his values were
decidedly traditional and smalltown. However, along with his military education he received a law degree from the University of Missouri while he was a state legislator. His wife, a daughter of a Southern Baptist minister from Arkansas, was college educated, having attended both Baylor and Southeast Missouri State.
He had few political heroes, but a letter commemorating Jefferson Davis on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of his death may shed some light on his thinking. Gov. Hearnes wrote that “I am sure I speak for the great majority of Missourians when I say ... his life (Jefferson Davis) and his record was one of service to his country and devotion to ideals without thought of self.” Public service and devotion to ideals and his state were traits that Gov. Hearnes displayed throughout his life.
Yet unlike others in their generation who sought to remake the world in the modernist model. Gov. Hearnes sought instead to revisit and improve the world he was raised with. It would be a humane society with values based on structure tied
Governor Hearnes on the campaign trail in 1968.
Southern Mercury
Noveinbcr/Decembei2003	13
Pf*oio f nuify of Mmoun Stair Archive*

“If its worth doing, then the states can do it better.”
— Warren Heames
state agencies set up by states with little central intervention and no Federal funding is a policy idea that can serve future political leaders.
In this formulation
the belief was the Federal government could not enter an area of state sovereignty if a program already existed to cover the scope of the centralized program. “Heames could see no need for federal programs that duplicated state efforts” said Gridley. “He went out of his way to work ahead of central planners to keep them out of the state.” In short order Heames would be speaking before the Southern Governors’ Conference and other groups promoting this innovative approach.
He received national press when he was one of the few governors to fight the national Urban Renewal projects. He knew that along with Civil Rights legislation this was one of the Trojan horses that Johnson had set up to grab state power.
Urban renewal would work direedy through the city government, bypassing the states, creating enclaves of federal power within the states but not under state control. It was not unlike the Union Army’s strategy in Missouri 100 years before — seizing most of the urban centers and leaving control of the rural areas to the Confederates. Warren saw through this program and characterized urban renewal as a boondoggle of high-rise slums and concrete Calcuttas.
The governor was unyielding.
He fought the Feds, the special interest groups, and their cities’ programs with his own policies. The fight was so bitter that former Heames administration officials say that Johnson got mad and threatened to freeze all federal funds to Missouri until his advisors reversed him. Unfortunately, no matter how hard the governor fought, the federal agencies kept coming back.
Feds Invade The States
Johnson would use even more emotional issues to gamer support for his power-drunk policies. With the passage of Civil Rights legislation, the door would be open to send federal proxies into states to dictate policy. Once inside, then all sorts of mischief could be accomplished to undermine a state’s position in relation to the central government. Civil rights be damned: the Johnson administration saw a way to club the states into submission with this new legislation.
Larry Gridley said the talk among Hearnes’ staff was that Robert Kennedy (the US Attorney General) was going to use Civil Rights legislation not to promote racial fairness but only to “...break down the Constitutional walls separating the federal government and the states.” “Everyone saw that very clearly,” said Gridley.
Trans-state Programs Nevertheless, Warren continued on the offensive, setting up the Ozarks Economic Opportunity program across state lines and into Arkansas and Oklahoma. This farsighted innovation would have cut out the federal administrators from the economic development arena. The program became a topic of great interest with the other Southern governors; and had Johnson (and later Nixon) not come down so hard on Hearnes, this trans-state government might have supplanted much federal activity. The idea of multi-
states could join voluntary associations with neighboring states to tackle common problems. Gov. Hearnes said the original idea was to solve problems in urban areas by promoting development in the rural parts of the state. By bolstering the economy of the agrarian sector, outmigration to the cities would be stopped, thus ending many of the urban problems. This was an elegant and simple solution to the incessant carping of cities for more funds to solve their predicament. More than that, it was also a model for states to regain powers lost to the central government by joining into sectional alliances. Not a new idea to Southerners.
Warren’s friends like Lester Maddox in Georgia continued to fight for local solutions for local problems. George Wallace and his administration tried to make Alabama as independent, vigorous, and sectionally aligned as possible. Yet Hearnes was young and vital and very visible. Many eyes were on him and his programs. When the St. Louis Post Dispatch liked Warren they called him progressive; when they did not like him, they called him “just another Southern governor." The second observation became an epithet and eventually a threat.
According to Hearnes administration sources, the implications of his plans were not lost on either Johnson or Nixon. Although at some other time this might have been a welcome solution to the aspirations of states and regions, in the extreme
Southern Mercury
November/December 2003 — 15
nationalism of the post-WW 11 era it was a dangerous idea. It was one that Hearnes would pay for in his second administration.
He was strong in his state and popular with other Southern governors like Tom McNair, John Connelly, and George Wallace (who was by then a third-party candidate for president); but outside of the Southern Governors’ Conference, no other regional organization existed to champion Hearnes’ program of Creative Localism as he termed it. The South was divided on this issue. Many responded to the clarion call of a seemly inexhaustible federal purse. The idea of a united nation vanquishing the Nazis, Soviets, Red Chinese and all the other evils of the world was very appealing — not to mention the money the military/ industrial complex was spending in the Southern states. Nationalism would weaken the bonds of the Solid South and eventually undo them.
Hearnes Shocks Democrats
By 1968 the prospect of national elections had brought conditions to a boil. L.B.J. s war was becoming more and more unpopular as time went on. The Johnson administration was using every public relations ploy at their disposal to try to sway opinion to his side. He and his aides tried to force a resolution of support of the war through the National Governors’ Conference, in effect endorsing his wartime policies. All the governors acquiesced except three. Two Republicans, Mark Hatfield from ()rcgon and George Romney of Michigan, would not sign on. One lone 1 democrat stood in the door — Hearnes. He would not support the President.
This action by Warren sent shock waves through the Democratic
Party and enraged Johnson. The former West Point officer told the national press that he supported the troops but could not support an administration plan without sufficient knowledge of its intentions. State leaders had been cut out of the loop and dictated to by federal agencies. In effect he was saying that Washingtons leadership was so remote from the peoples will and so obscure in its purpose that it did not deserve to be endorsed.
Of this situation Community Affairs Director Gridley says that within Hearnes’ staff there was strong support for what the governor was doing. He explained, “As much money as the states were sending to Washington and then the crap they (Washington) sent back to us, all we could see is that they were squandering resources to fight a war of unknown intentions.” There was a realization that the war was just another cynical attempt to advance the New Deal domestic policy of President Johnson.
Like Lincoln before him,
Johnson had attempted to hide his misjudgments, failures, and promotion of big government behind the pretext of racial equality and the flag-waving of war. When the veils of patriotic pretensions finally fell away, Hearnes was vindicated. Unfortunately, it was a victory that neither he nor anybody else wanted.
Johnson had succeeded in diminishing the Constitution while at the same time reframing domestic priorities into a template for big government intervention into the business of the states.
LBJ Steps Down
Years of domestic policy infight-ing, personal and political rivalry and flat-out philosophical disagree-
ment came to a head with the announcement that LBJ would not run again. While Missourians overwhelmingly reelected their governor with the biggest landslide in Missouri history, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, handpicked by Johnson to succeed him for president, lost Missouri and th national election; Johnsons admin ration foundered and eventual!; 1.
A discussion I had w:	Betty
Hearnes is instructive hei She was once a candidate for gove-Bor herself and not a stranger to politics. I said Harry Truman had been a states’ rights senator and local populist who became a nationalist, and finally, under the sway of Gen. Marshall and the internationalists, left the old South ideology. Some say he was a sellout to his states’ rights principles. She disagreed, saying that this movement was merely evolutionary. It is the natural change a politician makes when he wants enough power to get things done in an era when more and more power was stationed in Washington.
Pyrrhic Victories
Indeed, that is what happened to her husband. His advisors, who at one time helped him lead the charge against federal regulations, were themselves converted. Warren’s first term brain trust finally saw the light. Aides tell me they began to advise the governor that the money and the power was in Washington. Abandon your idealistic notions about the States and learn to finesse the bureaucrats in the Capitol, and the money would come your way.
Sometimes frustration begets expedience. Years of fighting Johnson turned into years of fighting
Continued on page 34
16 — Noveiiibcr/Dcccmbcr 2003
Southern Men ttry
A Northern View
The secession of a state from the Union depends on the will of the people of that state. The people alone... hold the power to alter their constitution.'
— William Rawle
ecession, poke salad, and crackling bread in modern America are viewed with the same skeptical eye. Anyone advocating even the study of the right of secession is viewed as an eccentric at best or a radical neo-Confederate at worst. Yet there was a time in the early days of this republic when the right of secession of an American State was fully embraced by the vast majority of Americans. Although secession, poke salad, and crackling bread are associated with the South, only the latter two, a delight of Southern cusine, can be said to be fully Southern. In modern America secession is inextricably linked with the Southern Confederacy; yet a study of the right of secession will show us more about what our founding fathers of 1776 wrought and less about the Confederacy and the “Civil War.”
A causal perusal of the early constitutions of Northern States
demonstrates that early Americans viewed their states as sovereign entities within a federation of states. For example, consider how the State of New Hampshire describes her political existence: “The people of this state have the sole and exclusive right to governing themselves as a free, sovereign, and independent
state___”2 Four years after the
adoption of the Federal Constitution, New Hampshire boldly proclaims to the world her sovereign right to rule herself. The people of New Hampshire go even further by declaring that they have the right to “establish a new government” at their own volition: “[WJhenever the ends of government are perverted, or public redress are ineffectual, the people may, and of right ought to, reform the old, or establish a new government. The doctrine of non-resistance against arbitrary power, and oppression, is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happiness of mankind.”3 Thus, according to the people of New Hampshire in 1792, non-resistance to arbitrary power is “absurd.” That which was true in 1792 was equally true in 1861 and remains true today; that is, it is absurd to think that a free people would offer non-resis-
tance to arbitrary power.
Other Northern states were equally opposed to the arbitrary abuse of power by the central government. Twelve years before New Hampshire’s declaration of state sovereignty, Massachusetts proclaimed “The people of this commonwealth have the sole and exclusive right of governing themselves, as a free, sovereign and independent State___”4
These are two representative samples of the people of Northern States affirming their belief in state sovereignty and real States’ Rights. Even after the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the people of Northern States maintained the view that each state was a free and independent commonwealth within the Federal Union. Thus, when in 1825 Mr. William Rawle of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, published his textbook on the United States Constitution that included information on how and under what circumstances a state could secede from the Union, no national outcry was heard. Mr. Rawle, a Northerner, an abolitionist, and a friend of both President George Washington and Benjamin Franklin, was merely restating a
18 — Novcmbcr/Dccember 2003
Southern Mercury
recognized feet in early American history. Lincoln and the Radical Republicans conveniently forgot this fact 35 years later.
One year after its publication,
Mr. Rawle s textbook was reviewed bv the eminent journal North American Review, of Boston, Massachusetts. Surely, if secession is un-American, seditious, or treasonous, the good folks in Boston, Massachusetts, would be more than happy to share that knowledge with the rest of the nation. Yet, in a review of over 1,900 words, this textbook which advocates the right of secession by a state within the Federal Union was blessed by the North American Review with the following comment: “For those, who are desirous of studying the noblest monument to human wisdom, the Constitution of the United States, we recommend the treatise of Mr. Rawle as a safe and intelligent guide.”5 Note that these Yankees not only failed to write one negative word about Mr. Rawle asserting the right of secession but they go further by stating th -v Rawle s textbook is a “safe :• intelligent guide.” This tex was the same textbook used United States Military Acadt West Point — both as a textboc a reference book for the study o' United States Constitution.
From the first chapter to die last chapter of his textbook, Mr. Rawle advocates the view that the States were the prime movers in the formation of the federal government. That is, the states existed before the formation of the federal government and were the sole source of any power the Federal government possessed. Commenting upon the very first paragraph of the Constitution (Art. i, Section I), Rawle states: “The first paragraph evinces that it
[Federal government] is a limited, and not a general government. The term ‘all legislative powers hereby granted,’ remind both the congress and the people of the existence of some limitation.” The very act of “granting” demonstrates the action of a superior (the people of the sovereign States) to an inferior (the Federal government). This is just one of many examples of Mr. Rawle’s defense of a strict constructionist view of the Constitution.
The chapter titled “Of the ! Jnion” forms the grand finale of Mr. awles book. It is in this chapter at Mr. Rawle takes off his gloves ..nd, without reservation or equivocation, states that secession is the natural right of a free people. As Mr. Rawle states, “To deny this right would be inconsistent with the principle on which all our political systems are founded, which is, that the people have in all cases, a right to determine how they will be governed.”6 Here, Mr. Rawle is directing his readers back to the Declaration of Independence. In 1776 the founding fathers asserted that the right of free men to live under a government of their choice was an unalienable right. It is granted to
man from God and, therefore, no government, no king, no batde won or batde lost could negate that which God had granted. True, a tyrant or a tyrannical system could deny a people the right to life and free government, but tyrants do not destroy those principles that are “unalienable.” Anyone in the past, present, or future who declares his opposition to this American principle of government; that is, government by the consent of the governed, is making the ultimate un-American statement.
The constitutions of early Northern States and the words of Mr. William Rawle of Pennsylvania stand in sharp contrast to the view of the Radical Republicans in 1861. Also, the Chicken Littles of today who run and hide anytime the issue of the right of secession is broached should be seen for what they have become — true Southern chickens. The South was right in 1861 and, as the Declaration of Independence so clearly states, she is STILL right! To deny this right is, as Mr. Rawle so correctly noted, “inconsistent with the principle on which all our political system arc founded.”
If true American freedom is ever to
Southern Mercury
Novcmber/Dcccmbcr 2003- H
he revived, we cannot play the part of Chicken Little nor keep company with those who insist the sky is falling every time the subject of the right of secession; i.e., “government by the consent of the governed," is broached. Chicken Little is fit only to live in Col. Sanders’ chicken house. A chicken house is not a fit place for freedom-loving people. As for me, I chose freedom, REAL American freedom. The freedom Mr. Rawle, a Northerner, wrote about is the same freedom that Northern States codified in their state constitution, the freedom won for us by our Colonial forefathers, and defended for us by our Confederate forefathers. I will not be afraid or ashamed of the right of secession because it is the very cornerstone of real American freedom.
A Southern View
Ifthe bond of union be the voluntary consent of the people, the government may be pronounced to be free; where constraint and fear constitute that bond, the government is no longer the government of the people, and consequently they are enslaved.7
— St. George Tucker
AHs was explained in the first ■pan of this review of the li&sue of secession, the right of government by the consent of the governed is not just a Southern idea. As was demonstrated, the Declaration of Independence, the early constitutions of Nonhern States, and a noted Northern constitutional authority confirm the right for free men to alter or abolish their government. Therefore, with great authority we can state that the right of secession, which is a function of free men acting to “alter or abolish” the
William Rawle
government they live under, is a central theme of American political philosophy. As Mr. William Rawle of Pennsylvania noted, to deny this right would “be inconsistent with the principle on which all our political systems are founded, which is, that the people have in all cases, a right to determine how they will be governed.”8 For the first few decades of these United States, the concept of state sovereignty bolstered the idea of secession as a right of the people of an American state. Although viewed as an almost exclusively Southern idea today, as has been demonstrated, the right of secession of an American state from the Union is very American.
If Mr. William Rawle of Pennsylvania is viewed as the representative of Northern advocates of the right of secession, Mr. St. George Tucker of Virginia should be viewed as Rawles Southern counterpart. Tuckers View of the Constitution of the United States, published as part of his edition of Blackstones famed Commentaries on the Laws of England,
was released in 1803, making Tucker I one of the first commentators on the Federal Constitution.
Tuckers distinguished military career during the War for Independence established him as an American patriot. After Independence, Tucker continued his patriotic service as a delegate to the Am apolis Convention, which was respc ible for the calling forth of the Pf del-phia Constitutional Convent During this time Tucker taug • law at William and Mary College d served as a judge on Virginias highest court. As a distinguished patriot, jurist, and author, Tuckers advocacy of the right of secession cannot be disregarded. Tuckers theory of states’ rights has given much grief to those who advance the bankrupt notion that secession was the brainchild of rabid Southern slaveholders. Tucker of Virginia, like Rawle of Pennsylvania, was a strong opponent of the institution of slavery. Tucker even goes beyond Rawle by advocating ending discrimination against free people of color. One hundred and fifty years before the modern Civil Rights movement, we see a Southern abolitionist pointing out areas of American life that he views as restricting the liberty of Americans.
Yet this man is a proponent of the right of secession; i.e., government by the consent of the governed. According to Tucker, the glue that binds a union of free men together is the free choice; i.e., consent of those people who are being governed. Free men have the right to consent to the government they live under; un-free men (slaves) do not have that choice. According to Tucker (see above citation), with the removal of consent, freedom is destroyed and slavery becomes the condition of a
20 — Noveiiibcr/Decrinber 2003
Southern Mercury
once-frec people. Now reconsider what Lincoln did to these (once free) United States of America. According to St. George Tucker, by destroying consent and replacing it with coercion (the point of a bloody bayonet), Lincoln reduced every American, regardless of color, from freedom to slavery. As Tucker notes, when “constraint and fear” holds a union together, the people “are enslaved.” This should be a sobering thought for all Americans, including the Chicken Littles who run and hide at the mention of the right of secession. By its very defining nature, free governments are bound by the will of free men. A union that tramples upon the will of free men cannot be said to be a free government any longer. In these United States the will of the people has been lengthened and voiced by the people of the sovereign states. From the signing of
the Decla ration of Independence, the adoption of the first government under the Articles of Confederation, the secession from the Articles of Confederation and the accession to the Union under the Federal Constitution, all these actions of free men have been done by the authority of “we the people” of the sovereign states. Given the history of secession in early America, is it any wonder that Tucker states: “[I]t then becomes not only the right, but the duty of the states respectively, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards for their future security. To deny this, would be to deny to sovereign and independent states, the power which, as colonies, and dependent territories, they have mutually agreed they had a right to exercise, and did actually exercise.”9 Both Rawle and Tucker agree that free government is destroyed
when and if the right of government by the consent of the governed is denied. Thomas Jefferson, the primary author of the Declaration of Independence, and James Madison, the Father of the Constitution, agree with Mr. Rawle and Mr. Tucker’s view of state sovereignty. In the Kentucky Resolves of 1798,
Jefferson states: “That the several states composing the United States of America, are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their general government....That to this compact [Union] each state acceded as a state... .That the government created by this compact was not made the exclusive or final jud of the extent of the powers dele, to itself.”10
Likewise, James Madison in t Virginia Resolves of 1798 states.
“[I]n case of a deliberate, palpafc and dangerous exercise of other
Bob Pope's Nashville Sun Show
Tennessee Expo Center
kSmyrna, Tennessee IHotline - (615) 391-2315
\/www. bobpopegunshows. com
Sunday
9:00 am til 4:00 pm
Show Dates
Janurary 10 - 17
March 20 - 21
October 16 -17
December 11 - 12
Tenth
ted at the intersection of Old Nashville Hwy **P° f* Ravine Road in Smyrna. Tanneaaee.
Novcmber/l Vcembcr 2003
Southern Mercury
powers not granted by the said compact [Constitution], the States, who are the parties thereto, have the right, and are duty bound, to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil, and liberties appertaining to them.*1*
At this point two things should become clear. First, secession is not a Southern idea or scheme and, second, the right of secession and secession itself is not unamerican or unpatriotic. The unalienable right to ‘alter or abolish” the government we live under is enshrined in the most basic and fundamental document of American history, the Declaration of Independence. Until men such as Joseph Story, Daniel Webster, and Abraham Lincoln came along, state sovereignty, state’s rights, and secession were viewed as an American right. Lincoln, his sycophants, and Appomattox changed the view of state sovereignty, and as a consequence, turned these United States upside down.
SECESSION:
A MODERN VIEW
The first thing I have at heart is American liberty; the second thing is American Union.12
— Patrick Henry
PI atrick Henry understood I something many Americans I today have trouble understanding; that is, form without substance is meaningless. ‘The first thing 1 have at heart is American libertyWith this statement Mr. Henry points out that the true meaning of being an American comes from the blessings of liberty. Putting it blundy, as Americans, we embrace the idea that in our system of government, “liberty trumps
everything.” If liberty comes first, what comes second? According to Mr. Henry, “the second thing is American Union.” Ah, the contrast between Mr. Henry’s view of the Federal Union and Mr. Lincolns view of the Federal Union could not be more pronounced. Mr. Lincolns view proclaims that any American liberty may be sacrificed in order to preserve the Union. Mr. Henry’s view places liberty first and the Federal Union second.
Today, the United States of America reflects Lincoln’s model of union and rejects Patrick Henry’s model of American union. This fact is more than just an historical fact or a footnote to American political philosophy. For all Americans there are real and deleterious consequences as a result of the imposition of Lincoln’s view of government over that of Henry’s view. Today, the Federal government, unrestrained by any power other than itself, has become an “autocratic” government. America’s citizens cannot resist Federal orders and edicts without facing the dire prospects of Federal prison. This is the natural consequence of placing the American Union first and American liberty second.
As an example of just how intrusive and belligerent the federal government has become vis-a-vis a citizen’s private property, consider the federal government’s “glancing geese” Wet Lands Policy. According to Washington bureaucrats, if a flight of geese glances down upon your property and spy a body of water and think about landing on that property, your land then falls under the control of the federal government. You may not improve, change, or otherwise use your property without first obtaining
federal permission. This author bear* witness to the fact that the federal government’s rules, which hold true regarding geese in flight, are also true for beavers and their dam projects!
If the abuse of power by the federal government was limited only to the use and ownership of private lands, that would be enough to ignite a patriotic firestorm from patriots like Henry, Jefferson, B_di-son and Washington. But as ti jld adage states, “Power corrupts absolute power corrupts abso! y.” Without the check and balanc f true Federalism, that is, a systei r- of balance between the state and federal governments where the abuses of the federal government can be challenged and defeated by We the People of the Sovereign States, all American liberty is in danger.
Today, the average American worker will have to work four to six months just to earn enough money to pay his yearly taxes; his children are the property of the federal government’s courts and will be bused to and placed in schools as the federal government deems necessary; common laws of decency, which protect his family from all forms of pornography including sodomy, are being overturned by federal courts; and, God, the Bible, and the Ten Commandments are being ejected from his state by the federal government. Is there anyone so simple-minded who would think that Jefferson, Madison, and Henry would agree with and submit to this type of federal government? According to Jefferson, Madison, Tucker, and Rawle, among many other patriots, one of the prime rights of a state is the authority to judge for itself how long the state would remain in the Federal Union. Do the Chicken Littles, who run and hide at
22 — November/December 2003
Southern Mercury
the mention of the right of secession, honestly believe that Judge Roy Moore s Ten Commandments would have been removed from the Alabama Supreme Court Building if the people of these United States believed in the right of secession?
Yet, because of the destruction of states' rights, that is, the right of secession, our freedom today is nothing more than a grant to us from the federal government. Unlike our ancestors who believed that our freedom was a grant from God, todays Americans are apt to naively accept the idea that our rights and freedom are a grant from the government. If the federal government is to be the guardian of our freedom, then “who shall guard the guards?”
The right of secession is the guardian of our freedom from f deral abuse. At this point every
American needs to voice the words placed upon the Confederate Battle Flag of Co. F, 5th South Carolina Volunteer Infantry, Kings Mountain, SC, “Like our Ancestors, We shall be Free.” Once real States’ Rights have been restored, like our ancestors, we will be free!
1	William Rawle, A View of the
Constitution (1825, edt. Walter D. Kennedy and James R. Kennedy, Old South Books, Simsboro, La.,
1993) 238.
2	Article VII, New Hampshire State Constitution, 1792.
3	Article X, New Hampshire State
Constitution, 1792.
4	Constitution State of Massachusetts, 1780
5	North American Review (1826: New York: AMS Press, Inc., 1965) XXII: 450.
6	Rawle, 235.
7	St. George Tucker, as cited in A View of the Constitution of the United States, With Selected Writing, Clyde N. Wilson, edt. (Liberty Press: Indianapolis, IN,
1999) 27.
8	William Rawle, A View of the Constitution, (1825, edt. Walter D. Kennedy and James R. Kennedy, Old South Books, Simsboro, La., 1993) 235
9	Tucker, as cited in Wilson, 86.
10	Thomas Jefferson, Kentucky Resolves of 1798.
11	James Madison, Virginia Resolves of 1798.
12	Patrick Henry, as cited in William Wirt Henry, Ed., Patrick Henry: Life, Correspondence, and Speeches (1891), Harrisonburg, VA: Sprinkle Publications, 1993) III,
449.

Offering world-renowned brands including 3M, Signode, Bostitch, l Sealed-Air, Tesa, and ^ IPS products.	~
p	IPS is your
single source for out-of-this-world packaging supplies, equipment, and service.
7007 • FAX 1 -888-744-9344 •ack.com • sales<a>lpock.com
HIGH POINT, NC • RICHMOND. VA
JR packaging
WITH WAREHOUSE DISTRIPUTIONCENTE
GREENVILU, SC
November/1 Va ember •Wn
Judge Roy Moore Upholds
The Constitution
By Reverend Robert Slimp
J" udge Roy Moore spent Monday, October 20, 2003, in Columbia, SC, defending his position refusing to obey the edict of Federal Judge Myron Thompson, who ordered the removal of the Ten Commandments from the rotunda of the Alabama Supreme Court Building in Montgomery, Alabama, last August.
The Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court had said on that occasion, “It is a sad day in our country when the moral foundation of our law and the acknowledgment of God has to be hidden from public view to appease a federal judge.” It is important to remember Roy Moore was elected by the people of Alabama to be the Chief Justice of their Supreme Court and received nearly 70 percent of the vote in November, 2000. Moore campaigned on a promise to place the Ten Commandments in the rotunda of the Supreme Court. After the Commandments were removed by judicial edict, a Gallup Poll found that 77 percent of all Alabama citizens wanted the Commandments to be immediately reinstated.
When in Columbia I asked Judge Moore at a media conference what would come next. He said, “First of ail, let me say that the len Commandments are important because our federal and Alabama
muttons arc based on them Jent James Madison said it
Judge Roy Moore
would be impossible to govern without them. I have appealed the decision to remove the Commandments to the United States Supreme Court, and I expect a ruling by early to mid-November. We should all pray that our highest court will return them to their proper location.” When asked about when the hearing on whether he should be removed from office as Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, he replied, “The date of the judicial hearing will be November 12, and the matter will likely be settled on that date. I ask for your prayers that (iod's will be done in regard to both ol these matters.
When media reporters asked why he had defied the order of a federal judge, lie replied: “I did not
defy a federal judge. I obe the Constitution of both the I	ed
States and Alabama becau	took
an oath to uphold both wh-.r I was sworn into office in January, 2001. Moore went on to say that this was a 10th Amendment issue. The 10th Amendment clearly states that “The powers not delegated to the United States, by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States themselves and to the people.” Judge Thompson ruled contrary to the 10th Amendment because it plainly states that the federal government cannot decide whether or not the Ten Commandments may be displayed in Alabama.”
Moore went on to say that judges try to rule against official recognition of God in public life “because most of us have so divorced God from our government that we think its wrong to acknowledge God.” Moore went on to say that “this country was founded on the premise that the founding fathers knew God was sovereign and that He created us.”
In answer to another question I asked at the media conference, Moore said, "If we deny God we have no standard of right and wrong. It’s not natural to kill babies or for kids to kill other kids as in Colunt bine High School in Colorado, but all these things are happening because, when we remove the moral
Southern

Jovcmlni/I Jccc iiiIhi 200 S
Mtn'un
m of God as our standard of right J wrongs then we look to man ste*l of God to set our standard jnd that leads only to chaos and jnarchv. We only have rights because vd gives them to us, and we should x offended when judges and lawyers *ho deny God try to remove God from public life!”
Following the media conference, which was held at Willow Ridge Southern Baptist Church in Lexington, SC, Judge Moore addressed a group of about 50 pastors and more than one hundred Christian laymen at the same venue.
Judge Moore has an excellent background. He is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point and was a company commander in Vietnam with the rank of captain. Following the war, he returned to Alabama and went to law school. He received his law degree from the University of AJa-ba a in 1977. During his profe sic al career, Moore served as pn ticing attorney and becan Ci nit Judge of the 16th Cir Court in 1992. Moore served i capacity until becoming Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreir Court. Moore is married to Kay Moore and they have four child r .
The family, all practicing Christie; regularly attend their Southern Baptist Church in Montgomery, judge Moore is certainly a good role model in a society that has lost its moral bearings. Chaplain E. Ray Moore, who introduced Judge Moore to both the press and the pastors, called him a modern-day Brave Heart.
In his address at the Willow Ridge pastors’ conference, Moore defended his defiance of the court order by saying that belief and acknowledgment of God are at the
very foundation of the United States’ most important documents — The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. By telling Alabama that it may not acknowledge God, Thompson dismantled the justice system of this sovereign state. Judge Thompson never declared the Alabama Constitution to be • ■ icon-stitutional, but the essence oi his ruling was to prohibit judicial officers from obeying the very Constitution they are sworn to uphold.
In so doing, Judge Thompson and all who supported his order violated the rule of law. Personally, I could never obey such a ruling, and so I did not.”
With lightning precision, Moore quoted passages from both the Old and New Testaments. He quoted from 2 Chronicles, which tells the story of Israelite kings whose reigns ended after they disobeyed God. He called special attention to King Uzziah, who burned incense to pagan idols in the Temple of God. Levitical priests pleaded with the lg not to blaspheme against God.
I his is what separation of church d state leads to,” said Moore, who ien reminded his hearers that King Jzziah was stricken with leprosy. He then said that this could be a metaphor for what could happen in the United States because the government is turning away from God in double-quick time.
Moore told the crowd to stop blaming others for the decay of morals in our society and to look inward — at the Christian community itself — for the reasons that God has been removed from public life. “Too many pastors are afraid to speak out,” he said, “because many
In a blow to freedom of religion and ignoring states’ rights as guaranteed by the 10th Amendment to the US Constitution, the United States Supreme Court ruled against even hearing the case for allowing the Ten Commandments to remain on public display in the Alabama Supreme Court Building in Montgomery. By so doing, the ruling of Federal Judge Myron Thompson ordering the removal of the Ten Commandments from public view was allowed to stand. This ruling on Monday, November 3, 2003, was a great disappointment to American Christians, and, according to polls, 77 percent of the people of Alabama.
When I personally interviewed Judge Moore on October 20, 2003, he told me that the Supreme Court would making a ruling during the first half of November. He also told me that he himself would stand trial before a nine-member “Alabama Court of the Judiciary," which would be composed of a mix of judges, lawyers and lay people both Democrat and Republican. The trial would take place on November 12, 2003, and a verdict handed down within one or two days.
On November 12, Alabama Affnmrv 1	\X'illi.int	“Bill
Continued on page 27
Continued on page I
25
Southern Men ury
November/December 2003
Continued from page 25
of them fear man more than God. They are afraid to be morally right because they are appeasing the world bv being politically correct.”
Moore said, “Our problem is not the ACLU ... not Morris Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center ... not the liberals, not the Democrats, not the Republicans. It s us — the Christians!” Moore exclaimed, “We Christians have to get back to God and obey Him.”
Later on Monday evening,
Moore spoke to the annual banquet of Exodus Mandate, an organization headed by retired Army Chaplain and Lt. Colonel E. Ray Moore Jr.
The purpose of Exodus Mandate is to encourage a spiritual renewal in society and to encourage parents to take their children out of public schools and either homeschool them or place them in Christian seb Judge Moore acknowledged Mandate by saying that it L critical for us to take our B; go to Sunday School and v services on Sunday, where o« dren learn that God created . in six days, including people, then they go to public schools ^ the week, where they are taught that they are descended from mo. ^eys -and sometimes teachers go so far as to say that there is no God.
The banquet was very well attended by many Christian and political leaders from South Carolina. They gave Judge Moore a rousing standing ovation.
Americans need more men of courage like Roy Moore in places of leadership if our Constitutional Republic is going to survive. May his tribe increase!
Continued from page 25
.Moore
Pryor called the special tribunal into session. The climax of the trial came when Pryor stepped into the middle of the court room to cross-examine Chief Justice Moore. “Good afternoon, mister Chief Justice,” said Pryor. “Good afternoon, mister Attorney General,” Chief Justice Moore replied. Both cracked a smile. Pryor asked the chief justice, “If you resume your job, will you continue to acknowledge God, no matter what the other judges say?” “Yes,”
Moore replied firmly.
Before sending the case to the judicial panel, Pryor said, “This case presents an all-or-nothing proposition. Either the chief justice is wrong and must be removed, or the chief justice is right and he must be reinstated.” Pryor then added “What does it me; n to have a rule of laws, and K t of men? This is the fundamen-.1 question.” Pryor then reminded die panel that removing Judge Moore would take a unanimous vote of all nine members. If he were not removed, it would require six votes to censure him or to suspend him from office for a longer period.
Ironically, until rather recently, Moore and Pryor had been good friends. Pryor is active in his local Baptist church where he is both a deacon and a Sunday School teacher. Moore, also a Baptist, has the same credentials. Roth men frequently speak to Christian groups.
Many Christians wonder why
i) l.awd
Pryor suddenly broke with Moore, whom he supported early on in this case, and try to remove him as Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. The answer is very simple. President George Bush nominated Pryor, who is only 36, to be a federal judge on the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. It is obvious that Pryor has decided not to run for statewide office again in Alabama and is quite content to be a federal judge for life. No doubt he aspires to eventually being appointed to the Supreme Court. It appears to many Alabamians that their attorney general has sold his Christian testimony for an important federal court appointment by President Bush.
The next day, November 13, much to the surprise of many observers. Judge Moore was ousted by a unanimous vote of the panel. “I’m really surprised," said Dr. William Steward, a political science professor at the University of Alabama. “Judge Moore is very popular with the people, and the members of the panel made a decision which is unpopular. It may come back to bite them."
Moores supporters were outraged. “They’re undoing the democratic process here," said Reverend Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition. “It smacks of thiid-world countries. It smacks of dictatorship."
After the verdict had been
Continued on page 33
Southern Men iny
November/1 fecenthcr 2003
Choosing Slavery in Mississippi
Over Freedom in Pennsylvania
Uncle Seth leaned on his hoe and wiped the drops of perspiration from his brow. The early spring had brought new weeds to his garden, and he was determined to keep them out of his patch in the family garden. Looking down the lane road running beside the house, he noticed a large dark form of a man. “Who’s that a-coming down the road, boys?” Uncle Seth asked his great-grandchildren, who were pretending to help in the garden.
“That’s Jessie,” called out Carroll Ray, who took the opportunity to drop his hoe and wander toward the road and wait for Jessie’s arrival. Jessie frequendy came over to borrow the mule when he needed an extra mule to hitch with his mule to pull his wagon. Jessie turned in toward the bam and gave Uncle Seth a wave.
“That young man sure looks like his father, he carries himself just like his father did,” declared Uncle Seth. “I should know. We walked many a mile together during the War,” Uncle Seth said as he lifted his hand and waved at Jessie.
“But Unde Seth," exclaimed Billie Jean, “Jessie is a black man! You said that his father was a slave on the Page farm before the War. Why would his father want to fight with the Confederate Army?” asked Billie Jean.
“Billie Jean,” began Unde Seth, “that’s a story that few people—black or white, North or South, can under-
by James Ronald Kennedy
stand. The more time that passes, the harder it is even to tell the story — tell it and have those who weren’t there understand it, that is.
“I recall talking to a young man during the War; his name was C.C. Cumming. We called him CC. He lives in Fort Worth, Texas, the last I heard from him, but he was originally from here in Mississippi. His father owned a large plantation north of here. CC had a body servant by the name of George. They were about the same age and actually grew up together hunting and fishing on and around the plantation. When war came, CC volunteered. George refused to stay on the plantation if his master left for war. By law and custom they were master and servant, but in reality they were best of friends. So, CC and George went off to war together. This was not that unusual. As a matter of fact, quite a few former slaves are still today
drawing State pensions earne their service to the Confeder during the war.
“Well, George stayed wit' C from First Manassas, Leesbur. vhere he helped capture several large ins, Chancellorsville, Sharpsburg, and at last Gettysburg. At Gettysburg CC was wounded during the second day’s fighting in the Peach Orchard. George located an ambulance in which he loaded CC, a Sergeant Major, Col. Holder of the Seventeenth Mississippi, and an officer of the Twenty-first Mississippi. The retreat was so slow they were able to cover only a few miles that first day. The Yankees were bearing down on them and CC feared Georges capture by the Yankees more than his own. George had already heard that the Yankees were separating all black Southerners from captured white Southerners. You see, he knew the Yankees would treat a loyal black Southerner much harsher than they would treat white Southerners. Many times, captured black Southerners would not be given rations in the POW camps. So, CC insisted that George leave them and move on with the withdrawing Confederate Army. But George refused to leave his friend. Soon they were cut off from the main body of Confederates and knew it would be only a short time before they were captured.
“On their march into Pennsylvania, they passed through a settlement of free blacks located a short distance
28 —- November/1 )c
ber 2003
Southern Menury
|H| where they were then hiding.
OC advised George to declare his freedom and make his way to the element of free blacks. ‘No, sir! I'd ctav iflen 1 could, but least I can do is catch up with our army and cross the liver (the Potomac). When you get exchanged I'll be there to meet you on the other side of the river.’ These were the last words George spoke to CC as he turned to make his escape. He paused and returned to give CC his only canteen of water and the last bit of hard tack he had. Thus, this faithful friend gave all he had and departed for the Potomac, and, hopefully, Mississippi.” Uncle Seth’s voice seemed to waiver — something his great-grandchildren had never before heard.
Uncle cleared his throat, regained his composure, and continued, “On his way back to catch up with the rest of our army, George was stopped by a
lady who inquired about one of the wounded that George had assisted as he left Pennsylvania. In spite of the danger of roving Yankee cavalry, George stopped and gave what little information he had to the distressed lady. While he was talking to her, a
group of Yankee cavalry spotted him in his gray uniform. George turned and attempted to escape, only to be killed by Yankee bullets. The lady buried him and then found her son just as George had told her she would.”
Uncle Seth turned away from the children to wipe the moisture from his eyes, turned his back, and slowly walked away. The children did not understand but knew not to follow him. Uncle Seth knew that this nor any other generation, black or white, could not understand the relationship between so many of both races who wore the gray in the War for Southern Independence. Uncle Seth wasn’t sure about his own feelings either. He was glad that Jessie was born and reared never knowing human bondage, but he remembered many a good
Continued on page 33
i
--WM
I Let a South Your Inst Q
D. Michael Leon
Life Agent Life —Health
1499 Ellis St. Augusta, GA 30901
Quote
UTCF
INDEPENDENCE COIN & STAMP, INC.
Buying • Selling • Trading Appraisals
Jerry Austin, APS ANA 5622 E. Independence Blvd. Suite 119 Charlotte, NC 28212
704-537-8882
Southern Mercury
November/ December 2003
Myths of American
Slavery
By Walter D. Kennedy
Reviewed by Ann Rives Zappa
Walter (“Donnie”)
Kennedy is probably best known for The South Was Right! co-authored with his twin brother Ron Kennedy. Walter has followed this Southern primer with an impelling book. Every Southerner wishing to defend our beloved Southland against lying Yankee historians must read this well-researched and even-handed book categorizing American slavery. Kennedy uses truth to expose myths blaming the South for slavery and to focus the spotlight of guilt on unscrupulous Northern politicians “led by fanatical hate and armed by all uncharitableness” who have perpetrated these pernicious lies.
For ignorant individuals who equate slavery with the antebellum South and darkies toiling in cotton fields, Kennedy begins his book with an overview of slavery as a worldwide phenomenon. Slavery originated in ancient civilizations such as Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, Greece, and Rome. Conquering nations customarily brought home in chains men, women, and children not slaughtered after their battle victories. Kennedy dispels further myths: first, that only wealthy people owned slaves. Second, that only white people owned slaves. Third, that all slaves were Negroes. In England during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, poor white citizens often sold their children into slavery both at home and into the Americas.
30 — November/December 2003
Southern states initiated attempts to limit and in some cases to abolish slavery as early as 1787. Two early Virginia legislative bills to this effect were vetoed by the Governor, a British appointee ruling the colony.
A great many Northerners and Southerners, along with most of the Western European world, believed the Negro race to be inferior. In 1822, the American Colonization Society was instrumental in establishing the African nation of Liberia and urged that freed slaves be deported from the United States.
Well into the middle of the nineteenth century, political leaders, including Abraham Lincoln, doubted that a free Negro would have the ability to cope with the demands of an industrial-age society.
The author cites invention of the
AMERICAN
SLAVERY
H> Ihr author of The South Wqh kiahit
Walter D. Kennedy
Foreword by Bob Harrison
cotton gin and attacks on th >uth by Radical Abolitionists as p	?ry
factors halting cooperation	/een
the North and South in eff limit or ban slavery. About 1 ^ s the political climate between the regions hardened. For those NAACP members and other unenlightened people who believe that slavery was only a Southern institution, Kennedy offers this fact: “Slavery, north of the Mason-Dixon line (i.e., in the North) ... lasted approximately 225 years.”
In his chapter “Abolitionism Versus Christianity,” Kennedy counters historical errors with facts and refutes a charge that the Southern Baptist Convention hindered a positive relationship with African-Americans. Black militants use Christie n and Southern admissions of “guilt ’ for racism and slavery to foster t d for Southerners and our principle )rganizations such as the NAACP u these misguided apologies as a basis to demand more affirmative action and insist that Congress pay reparations (Kennedy calls this demand literally “black” mail).
The author presents a comprehensive assessment of Southern slave and free black society during the War for Southern Independence. Politically correct and historically ignorant Yankees most likely will not accept Kennedy’s irrefutable proof that blacks owned their fellow blacks as slaves. Kennedy also devotes a
■ - — — Southern Mercury
4
chapter to the role played by slavery in secession.
In an interesting chapter on ‘The Flag of Slavery," Kennedy defends our Battle Flag, beloved by southerners and reviled by Yankees and others who hate us and our heritage. For members of the NAACP and other organizations vowing to eradicate all Southern symbols, Kennedy offers this fact:
‘The so-called Rebel flag or battle flag was never adopted by the Congress of the Confederate States but was adopted and extensively used by the military forces of the Confederacy. Although it is the most commonly recognized flag of the South, it did not represent the government or nation of the Confederate States of America.” Try telling that to the current crop of D mocratic presidential canci h >efuls who have stated the d ermination to pass legislat
banning all Confederate Flags in public and also on private property. (Reviewer’s comment: I find frightening the fact that Southerners of Confederate ancestry are currently denied our inalienable Constitutional rights of free speech and control of private property guaranteed to every other American.)
Author Kennedy ends his masterful book on The Myths of American Slavery by quoting a well-known hymn, On Jordans Stormy Banks, as an analogy for America at this time. Because of the “incessant ranting by the liberal media and civil rights activists,” many citizens now believe that anyone displaying the Confederate Batde Flag is an enemy of African-Americans. Kennedy states: “... the South is no more nor no less responsible for the African slave trade or the institution of slavery itself than the African tribes who sold black men and women into
slavery, the Yankee and other slave ship owners who brought them to this land, or those who used black labor to enrich themselves.” Until all Americans learn these truths, the South and especially Southerners seeking to uphold Confederate honor and principles will continue to be vilified and stripped of our heritage and made ashamed of pride in our revered Confederate ancestors. Only when we are bloody and bowed beneath the jack-booted heel of a second Reconstruction will these arrogant Northerners, biased media, and liberal politicians be r
Walter Kennedy’s M American Slavery is rec for all Southerners.
Ann Rives Zappa is . author and War Between reenactor with Knibb’s Batto Northern Virginia; and Zimy.
Battery, Palmetto Battalion, www. annzappa. com

WAGE EQUIPMENT CO.
1130 John Rutledge Ave.
Hanahan, SC 29406 1-843-553-3002 • 1-800-611-2823 Fax 1-843-824-8458
Randall B. Burbage Owner
ROBINAIR RTI SOLAR VIPER Authorized Service Center
Continued from page 17
He Took
His Stand
Nixon. The old zeal for competent state programs gave way to accommodation like the passage of Revenue Sharing and other national solutions for local problems. Lacking sturdy regional alternatives, going to the foderal trough seemed to be the only way for state leaders to tend the needs of their citizens.
Hearncs and Wallace working concurrently, two Old South decentralists, won some victories for the States but they were Pyrrhic victories. The party of Thomas Jefferson, Jefferson Davis, and Claiborn Fox Jackson was in ruins, destroyed by the New South/New England alliance of LBJ. The Democrats left their roots in the South to the machinations of the party of Lincoln. By the early 1970 s only Hearnes and a few other old-line Democrats continued to be a threat to the new order in the South, and Nixon fought harder against Hearnes than Johnson had fought. But he saved his special wrath for George Wallace.
The Aftermath
The seventies were a time of ceaseless investigations of Warren Hearnes; surreptitiously led at times by traitorous Democrats from Missouri, every federal agency that could be mustered tried to hang him. He was shamelessly hounded for all sorts of imagined corruption. Nothing was ever found and he was never prosecuted for any violation - and in the end completely vindicated but not until he was physically
and financially exhausted. That is another story.
Nixon and his Republican party finally beat down or nearly co-opted the South, but the triumph for the national centralist is hollow. The union is preserved, but at what cost? Today the central government is everywhere in our lives, protecting us from all manner of real and imagined hazards. We are taxed to the maximum for this service. Homogenization is turned into Orwellian multi-culturalism as well as nebulous platitudes like diversity, and the ubiquitous media is at the service of fickle market elites. Internationalist schemes have now replaced the national centralism of the 1960 s. The concentration of power is escalating. Plotting for world domination continues to drive men, and even more extravagant designs loom on the horizon threatening the sovereignty of our present superstate.
In 1964 when Missouri carried the New Dealer Johnson and the local populist Hearnes, the underlying fears and beliefs of all the South were exposed. This same formula was repeated all over Dixie and showed the deep cleavage in the thinking of the people of the South. Torn between the love of Old Glory and the memory of the First Republic, its people were in torment. Can big government programs like T.V.A. or N.A.S.A. exist in the same states that once flew the Confederate Battle Flag with pride? And what is the real price of these programs?
What Is The Cost?
That question is being answered today. Will the states of the South or any other section be able to stand up with the pride they once had? The South finds itself in a great quandary. I lonoring the past is now
subject to central government guidelines. If you don’t believe that go to any War Between the States battlefield and see for yourself. Go to any public school or state university and look at the history books approved by the National Endowment for the Humanities. Listen to he secular socialist materialism \ ght in the classes. Try to fly a Ba Flag on your capitol dome.
When Hearnes came on c scene, the politics of the old <tono-mous zone had lost its zest, a.»;d when sectional leaders emerged championing the solutions of their ancestors, they were invisible. The citizens of the greater South were blinded by the glitter of modern nationalism and caught without any organization to oppose it. Today the situation is even more complicated.
If the paradigm of states’ rights and responsibility could have been carried by one man in one state, Warren Hearnes would have done it. With a united people, a solid mandate unencumbered by the plight of racial turmoil, Hearnes strove to rebuild his state in the image of his fathers.
[The result?] the stability of a rural society punctuated by a lively urban component held together with state constitutional power emanating from the local level. But one man or one state cannot do it. The leaders of both political parties saw to that. In the interim, the legacy of Hearnes’ philosophy may be in seeking sectional solutions for mutual problems. [It takes] alliances across state lines that leads the way out of the centralist dilemma we find ourselves in today.
David S. Reif is an artist and writer living in Lake Ozark, MO and can be contacted at moJbx@socket net.
34	November/December 2003
Southern Mercury
“The only no-compromisej gun lobby in Washington."
-Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX)
Get involved .3^.
Join GOA and enlist in the
that has stopped gun control in jS^a^pingto n*fe single-handedly.
Gun Owners of America
8001 Forbes Place. Suite 102 • Springfield. VA 221
Phone: 703-321-8585 • Fax. 703-321-8408
www.gunowners.org
□ 1 would like to join GOA. My initial contribution* is: □ $20 □ $35 □ $50 □ $100 □ $250
Name	-
Address	.	■	B
City/State/Zip
email___________________________________________ .	______
Donations to GOA are not deductible for income tax purposes
'GOA operate* on an annual renewal cycle Amount* contributed for dues are at the members discretion each year
Gun Owners of America • 8001 horbe* Place. Suite 102 • Springfield. VA 22151 Phone. 703-321 8585 * l ax 703 321 8408 * www.gunowners.org