SOUTHERN
Volume I, No. I

July/August 2003


Death of a Nation?
Continuing Attacks

bIHB SB! m3	|____
‘The only no-compromise gun lobby in Washington. "
-Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX)
Get involved. Join GOA and
enlist in the citizen army that has stopped gun control in Washington single-handedly.
Gun Owners of America
8001 Forbes Place, Suite 102 • Springfield. VA 22151 Phone: 703-321 -8585 • Fax: 703-321-8408 www.gunowners.org
LJ I would like to join GOA. My initial contribution* is:
□ $20 □ $35 □ $50	□ $100	a$250
Name_______________________
Address
( Hy/State/Zip	....
email
hi.n.iimn-. lo (if >A are noi drdurliblr for income I ax purposes.
'GOA operate* on «n annual renewal cycle Amounts contributed for dues are at the members' discivnvix v
Gun f iwnci * of America * 8001 lorbes Place. Suite 102 * Springfield, VA 22131 Phone 703 321 8383 • l ax 703 321 (1408 • www.gunowners.org
CHI ITMFOM
PO Box 1496 Columbia, TN 38402
www.southernmercury.com
Publisher Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief Frank B. Powell, III editor@southernmercury. com
Contributing Writers
Lewis Regenstein James Ronald Kennedy Frank Conner Dr. Boyd Cathey Ann Rives Zappa Ray Driver
Advertising Representives Jack E. Marlar 2161 Greenpond Road Fountain Inn, SC 29644 864-862-3946
_____________from the
Editor
Welcome to the inaugural issue of Southern \Mercury. Our writers and I hope you enjoy our efforts; we have enjoyed putting it together.
Why Southern Mercury! In todays climate of political correctness, a new voice was needed now. A new voice was needed to express todays Southerner who is proud to be a Southerner and is unapologetic. A new voice was needed to tell the world about shameful attacks on our Southern heritage. More detrimental to us is the all-out war waged by liberals, the media, and special-interest hate groups to erase the very culture of the South.
Why Southern Mercury! Mercury was the fleet-footed messenger of ancient Roman gods. The famous United States coir , the i.k cury dime, actually depicted Liberty with wings on her head. It symbolized freedom of thought. Many old-time Southern newspapers were named Mercury, the most famous being the Charleston Mercury in South Carolina that announced the states succession in December 1860.
We intend to be a messenger for todays unrepentant Southerner and promote a freedom of thought missing in the society of the early 21st century. Our goal is simple; make each issue better than the previous one.
Skip Earle 701 Huffine Manor Circle Franklin, TN 37067 615-790-8682
I think we are off to a good start. Featured in this issue are articles exposing the attacks on Southern culture, a little history, some humor, a book review, and an excellent expose of the Southern Poverty Law Center — sure to open a lot of eyes and create some controversy.
Subscriptions
$28 per year for six issues. Send to address above in the form of check or money order.
New features and columns will be added in the future. Unsolicited articles and photos are welcome and can be submitted electronically or by mail. Letters to the editor are welcome; I look forward to hearing from you and will publish a representative sample of letters.
Southern Mercury is published bimonthly by the Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc. All rights reserved. No pan of this magazine may be reproduced or transmitted without the written permission of the publisher. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained within; however, FPAC assumes no liability for accuracy or omissions. The opinions expressed by the authors of signed articles reflect the personal views of the writers and are not necessarily a statement of FPAC policy.
© 2003 FPAC, Inc.
In closing, I would like to say thanks to all of our contributors for their hard work to make this issue possible. And thanks to you, our readers. You are critical to our success! The next issue will be here before you know it. Until then, I remain,
Yours in the Cause,
our readers'_
Opinions
Hope to go on the offensive
To the Editor,
I love the history of the War Between the States hut there are more than enough typically politically correct “Civil War” magazines on the market. Another one is not needed.
What is needed though is a magazine like the Southern Mercury, a magazine I hope will go on the offensive and tell the truth about what is happening to the history and heritage of the South today in the 21 st century.
Historical accounts are one thing and they are important, but a magazine such as yours belongs in the hands of teachers, law enforcement agencies and the corpoj rate world to counter the crap of the kind that Morris Dees and his so-called Southern Poverty Law Center puts in the head of people.
Sieve Nelson San Bernardino, CA
Begin to balance the scales
To the Editor:
One would think that living in Richmond, Virginia, the Capitol of the Confederacy and in a state which draws its major tourism revenue from the visitation ofhistoric sites, media, governmental and academic treatment of the Confederacy and Southerners in general would be objective and fair. I wish I could report that this was the case. I can’t. The Richmond Times Dispatch, our newspaper, is about as objective as the New York Times. We have several major universities which unfortunately are now run by the “sixties kids” who have no concept of fairness or objectivity and place social and political agendas above accurate teaching.
Richmond has witnessed the removal of a mural of Robert E. ixc from the Rich-
mond Floodwall after a complaint from race baiter Sa’ad El-Amin, a person who has had five bankruptcies, has been disbarred as a lawyer, has misused City funds on a vacation to the famed nude beaches of Negril, Jamaica, and who now faces an eighteen count Federal indictment for tax evasion which could place him in prison for 70 years. Yet the powers to be bent over backwards to satisfy Sa’ad and his followers.
Richmond has renamed the J.E.B. Stuart and Stonewall Jackson bridges to the names of some civil rights activists. The supposedly objective National Park Service in Richmond has promoted and installed a statue of Abraham Lincoln in front of the famed Confederate Tredegar Ironworks landmark and within a short distance of nearly 40,000 Confederate soldiers who died opposing the invasion of the South by armies led by Lincoln. The liberal and politically biased Park Service led the interference but were ably abetted by the Richmond Times Dispatch, local media and politicians from both parties, and the Virginia Historical Society, the organization entrusted with the accurate presentation ofVirginia’s history. The Society became a financial partner in the Lincoln statue scheme.
The reason sacrileges like this are happening is in part due to a lack of information which would give the Southern side of things. The publication of the Southern Mercury will go a long way in providing hard hitting information and education to a public which is increasingly only getting one side of the picture. I applaud FPAC for creating this important instrument and urge everyone to subscribe. In this way, and this way only, will the Southern heritage movement begin to balance the scales which have been so overwhelmingly tipped against us.
Brag Bowling
Richmond, Virginia
Letters to the editor are welcome. We love to hear from our readers both pro and con. Please limit your remarks to 500 words or less. We will print a representative sample in each issue.
Shining the light of truth on the enemies of Southern herit. ge
To the Editor:
As one who is also actively in !ved in both the preservation and pron -ion of our Confederate heritage and hi ory, it was with great delight that I founi out about the soon arrival of the Sout em Mercury.
I’m delighted to be one of your new subscribers. I hope your magazine grows rapidly as word of it’s existence is spread.
We need all the channels we can muster by which to carry forth our message to the general public that’s fed a constant diet of anti-South and anti-Confederate heritage propaganda.
I look forward to the Southern Mercury shining the light of truth on the ugly face of the enemies of our Southern heritage and culture.
Ron Casteel Jefferson City, Missouri
We need to tell the truth about our history and our enemies
To the Editor,
Only a couple of days ago I came across the web site for your new magazine, the Southern Mercury. I guess because the web site is yet to be completed is the reason why it really doesn’t say much about what the magazine is all about.
But that’s okay with me because your site showed a mock-up of the front cover and that alone was enough to make me want to subscribe.
We need a publication that talks about today, and in so doing, tells the truth about our glorious history and tells the truth about our enemies.
Caney Boyd Dallas, Texas
2 — July/August 2003
Southern Mercury
An Honorable Cause
Why the Confederate Battle Flag Today?
By Lewis Regenstein
The controversy over the
Confederate Battle Flag and what it symbolizes continues to rage. But it is rarely, if ever, explained why many decent people of good will are so proud of their Confederate ancestry.
Basically, it is because our ancestors showed amazing courage, honor, and valor, enduring incredible hardships, against overwhelming and often hopeless odds, in fighting, for their homeland — not for slavery, as is so often said, but for their families, homes, and country.
Put simply, most Confederate soldiers felt they were fighting because an invading army from the North was trying to kill them, burn their homes, and destroy their cities. And anyone with family who fought to defend the South, as mine did, cannot help but appreciate the dire circumstances our ancestors encoun-
tered.
Near the end of the War Between the States, my great grandfather, Andrew Jackson Moses, who ran away from school to become a Confederate scout, at 16 rode out to defend his hometown of Sumter, South Carolina, as part of a hastily-formed local militia. Approaching rapidly was a unit of Shermans army, which had just burned Columbia and most everything else in its path, and Sumter expected similar treatment.
Along with a few other teenagers, old men, invalids, and the wounded from the local hospital, Sumter’s ragtag defenders amazingly were able to hold off these battle-seasoned veterans, Potters Raiders, for an hour and a half, at the cost of several lives. (Jack got away with a price on his head, and Sumter was not burned after all. But some
buildings were, and there were documented instances of murder, rape, and arson by the Yankees, including the torching of our family’s 196 bales of cotton.)
Meanwhile, Jack’s eldest brother, Lt. Joshua Lazarus Moses, who was wounded in the War’s first real battle, First Manassas (Bull Run), was defending Mobile in the last major battle of the War. His forces being outnumbered 12 to one, Josh was commanding an artillery battalion that, before being overrun, fired the last shots in defense of Mobile. Refusing to lay down his arms, he was killed on the day Lee surrendered, in a battle, Fort Blakely, in which one of his brothers. Perry, was wounded, and another brother, Horace, captured while laying land mines.
The fifth bother, Isaac Harby Moses, having served with distinc*
Southern Mercury
July/August 2003 — 3
lion in combat in Wade Hamptons cavalry, rode home from North Carolina after the Battle of Bentonville where he commanded his company — all of the officers having been killed or wounded. He never surrendered to anyone, his Mother proudly observed in her memoirs. He was among those who fired the wry first shots of the War, when his company of Citadel cadets opened up on the Union ship Star of the West. which was attempting to resupply the besieged Fort Sumter in January, 1861, three months before the War officially began.
The Moses brothers’ distinguished uncle. Major Raphael J. Moses, from Columbus, Georgia, was General James Longstreet’s chief commissary officer, and was responsible for supplying and feeding some 40,000 men. Their commander, General Robert E. Lee, had forbidden Moses from entering private homes in search of supplies in raids into Union territory, even when food
and other provisions were in painfully short supply. And he always paid for what he did take from farms and businesses, albeit in Confederate tender, often enduring, in good humor, harsh verbal abuse from the local women.
Interestingly, he ended up carrying out the last order of the Confederacy, which was to deliver the last of the Confederate treasury, $40,000 in gold and silver bullion, to help feed and supply the defeated Confederate soldiers straggling home after the War — weary, hungry, often sick, shoeless and in tattered uniforms. With the help of a small group of determined armed guards, Moses successfully carried out the order from President Jefferson Davis, despite repeated attempts by mobs to forcibly take the bullion.
Major Moses’ three sons also served the Confederacy, one of whom, Albert Moses Luria, was killed at 19 after courageously throwing a live Union artillery shell
out of his fortification before it exploded, and thereby saving the lives of many of his compatriots.
One cannot help but respect the dignity and gentlemanly policies of Lee and Moses and the courage of the greatly outnumbered, out-supplied but rarely outfought Confederate soldiers. In stark contra -, Union generals Sherman, Gran and Sheridan and their troops burnt and looted homes, farms, courthouses, libraries, businesses and entire cities full of only civilians (including Atlanta), as part of off ial Union policy to not only defeat but utterly destroy the South, in violation of the then-prevailing rules of warfare.
And before, during, and after the War, this same Union army (led by many of the same generals, including Sherman, Grant, and George Custer) used similar tactics, and worse, to massacre and nearly wipe out the Native Americans, in what we euphemistically call “The Indian Wars.” So the Union army was hardly the forerunner of the civil rights movement, as many would have us believe.
There are countless stories of valor by soldiers on both sides of this tragic conflict, and their descendants can take justifiable pride in this heritage. This is especially true of the brave and beleaguered Confederates who risked all and sacrificed much in the service of their country, against a formidable, implacable, and often cruel foe. A lost cause, yes, but an honorable one, which should not be forgotten.
Lewis Regenstein, a Native Atlantan, is a writer and author and can be reached at regenstein @mindspring. com.
4 — July/August 2003
Southern Mercury
The South Strikes Back
The Suffering South
“How long, O God, must your people suffer?” pleaded the Old Testament prophet Jeremiah as he viewed the sufferings of his people under the cruel yoke of heathen oppression. The time has come for Southerners to ask the Jeremiah question. The Trent Lott debacle is symptomatic of a greater underlying pathology. In America today Southerners are second-class citizens! Our political values of limited Federalism and States’ Rights have become the political equivalent of the kiss of death! In modern America, the economy is controlled in New York by the Fed for the benefit of the privileged few. Hollywood establishes immoral social values as the norm for America, and “rights” for we the people are dispensed according to the wishes of power brokers and liberal special interest groups in Washington, D.C. “How long, O God, must your people suffer?”
Loyal Citizens or Willing Dupes?
The people of the South have provided a higher per capita effusion of blood on battlefields defending this country than any other section of the U.S.A. During the Vietnam War, the South had almost no anti-
By James Ronald Kennedy
war protests. Our people have proven their dedication to this country with more than mere words. Southern blood stains battlefields around the world — but what has this Southern blood purchased? Today we are mocked for our values. Our history is publicly and officially distorted for the benefit of our political enemies while our children are forced to enter the struggle for economic security in the poorest section of America. The conservative movement in the GOP has promised to help, but history proves otherwise. Nixons representative told a civil rights group who were concerned about Nixons “Southern Strategy,” “Don’t listen to what we say, watch what we do.” So the loyal South
voted for Nixon and we got wage and price controls, more busing, affirmative action and more taxes. Then came Mr. Conservative Ronald Reagan. So the loyal South voted for Reagan. For that, we got continued busing, continued affirmative action, less States’ Rights, and — to add insult to injury — Mr. Conservative gleefully signed the renewal of the punitive anti-South Voting Rights Act. Hoping to better our position, we then voted for Bush Number 1. Mr. “Read My Lips” gave us more taxes and yet another “Civil Rights” Act that he admitted was a quota bill! By the time Bush Number 2 came along, we thought surely all the evil was done and perhaps we could look forward to at least holding on
July/August 2003 — 5
James Madison
to the few remaining liberties (not to mention income property). But Bush Number 2 has given us the largest increase in the federal government since the days of Lyndon Baines Johnson’s Great Society!
How has the South benefited from its loyal GOP voting record?
Act, which led to the destruction of sound monetary policy and the ratification of the 16th Amendment, which allowed the Federal Government to tax income property. Although conservatives complained at the time, they never did anything to undo the damage. The following pattern would be repeated for the remainder of the century:
(1)	Liberals/socialists attempt to confiscate citizens’ property via taxes or liberties by using intrusive and unconstitutional laws, court orders, or bureaucratic regulations.
(2)	Conservatives mount a blustering campaign of complaints.
(3)	The confiscation act achieves “legal” sanction.
(4)	Conservatives grumble, then accept.
(5)	Then liberals/socialists move on to yet another raid on our liberties and property.
Conservatism — A Century of Failure
The people of the South have and continue to support the idea of States’ Rights because, as Thomas Jefferson and James Madison taught us in their Resolves of 1798, the Sovereign State is the most reliable defender of our civil liberties and property rights in the American system of limited Federalism. The death of States Rights as a viable guardian against an oppressive Federal Government now assures us of continuing defeats in our battle against the liberal/socialist power centers in Washington, New York and Hollywood. At the beginning of the past century, 1913, conservatives were dealt a bitter defeat with the enactment of the Federal Reserve
In the mid 1930 s, conservatives complained with animated passion against FDR’s Social Security plan;
fhomas Jefferson
but by the early 1950’s, the GOP was seeking ways to increase benefit as they attempted to outbid the Democrats in buying votes by way 0f Social Security handouts. Whether the issue is busing, voter fraud, affirmative action, quotas, taxes or general complaints against “big government,” conserv rives have not been able to roll back he successes of the liberal/socialist >wer block. Denial has plagued ct ;ervatives for over a century. They use to recognize the fact tha ithout States Rights the JefFersonia. Constitution they claim to serve no :onger exists.
Silence Gives Consent
The question now arises “What do we, the people of the South, do about our current political distr s?"
If we elect to do nothing, then c r silence and inaction gives tacit consent to the continuing destn tion of our liberties. No doubt many in the South today have what psychologists call “learned indifference.’’ Our experience has taught us that no matter who we vote for — win, lose or draw — nothing is really going to change for us. I saw it expressed best the other day on a bumper sticker: “Don’t Vote — It Only Encourages Them.” Becoming submissive serfs would not be a proper course for a brave and honorable people. I am reminded of the scene in Braveheart in which William Wallace’s father is trying to convince the few remaining Scotts to go with him in an attack against the invading English. “But we are too few. We can’t defeat them,” complains the realist. The reply should echo across time to who seek to defend liberty: “We don’t have to defeat them — we ji '■ have to fight them!” Fight them, i l( compromise with them or seek to
6 — July/Augukt 2003
Southern Men u "
build coalitions with moderate elements in their ranks. Fight because our Cause is morally right and our children deserve to know that we were willing to defend our principles regardless of the probability of victory at this point in time. To paraphrase President Davis: Another day and another time will come. But what can we do to assure that day will come in our lifetime?
Call To Action
Events distant and current make it clear that the GOP takes the South for granted. Indeed, they treat us the same way the Democrats treat the Black vote — “We’ve got’em. After all, where else are they going to go?” Thus the abandonment of States’ Rights or any insult hurled at the South by the GOP to placate or woo the Black vote is fine — after all, the conservative South will not vote for the liberal Democratic candidate. The GOP assumes that we the people of the South are their political hostages. But we have the
US Capitol in Washington, DC
power to correct that fallacy. A group of 3,000 to 5,000 dedicated Southerners could begin a movement that within six years would turn the world upside down. Assuming we could put aside our egos (a major assumption for us!) and stay focused on our ultimate goal — Liberty — we could create a movement that would pose a dilemma for the neoconservatives who currently control the GOP:
(1)	Support our call for the radical restoration of our original Constitutional Republic of Republics or
(2)	Face the loss of your Southern base to a third-party Southern Independence movement.
We need to select a candidate to challenge Bush across the South in the upcoming 2004 Republican Presidential primaries. Stay focused on the South, run a media campaign based on talk radio, small commu-
nity radio, selected cable networks, and selected direct mailing lists. Use this as an opportunity to awaken the Southern People to the potential power they have and work without stopping toward 2008’s Presidential primary. Can Southern activists put aside their egos and stay “hitched” for six years? The ones I know can. So the question remains — will we take advantage of the opportunity that now presents itself to us? The liberal/socialist establishment is determined to destroy the little freedom we have left. They are powerful beyond belief. The neoconservatives who control the GOP have more in common with them than they do with us. But that does not matter. As for me, I choose to fight them!
James Ronald Kennedy is co-author of The South Was Right!, Why Not Freedom!, & Was Jefferson Davis Right? He can be contacted at www. kennedytwins. com.
July/August 2003 — 7
eatli dj ii Na
The Almost Forgotten Body and Soul of the Sons of Confederate Veterans
i *
a on
By Frank Conner
The perennial cry of the true Southerner is “I just want to be left alone!”
But that is the one thing which will not happen. Instead, while we traditional Southerners try to tend to our own affairs, our enemies are publishing angry newspaper articles or delivering angry speeches via the TV news programs, accusing us of continuing to fight the “Civil War;” and then — without even pausing for breath — they proceed to refight the “Civil War,” vilifying us for the sin of being true Southerners.
Who are these dedicated enemies of ours, and why are they systematically turning us into the nations scapegoat and destroying us as a people?
They are the ideological liberals who took control of the US in the 1960s, and who run it now; and they are attacking us nonstop because we are the last obstacle standing between them and their final goal. What is it that makes them so anxious to destroy us? It is our Confederate heritage, which they are determined to obliterate.
What — exactly — is our Confederate heritage?
It is the foundation upon which the Sons of Confederate Veterans was created. In 1896 at the Rich-
mond reunion of the United Confederate Veterans, ex-Confederate General Stephen D. Lee launched the Sons of Confederate Veterans with the following marching orders:
“...to your strength will be given the defense of the Confederate soldiers good name, the guardianship of his history, the emulation of his virtues, the perpetuation of those principles he loved and which made him glorious and which you also cherish. ”
We see that S.D. L ;o dearly expected the SCV to b nuch more than just a historical so ety. He expected the SCV to dt end successfully the honor of the C onfederates against anyone who attacked it. But more than that, Lee expected the SCV members to be the living embodiment of that honor, to be the ideal role models for the rest of the South — such that all Southerner would want to continue to live b' the principles which the Confede ates had loved and fought to preserve.
Jefferson Davis monument in New Orleans vandalized with a Nazi symbol. An example of attacks on our Southern culture.
8 —- July/August 2003
Southern Mrn'U' >
That set of principles — and the resulting way of life — which the Confederates lived by had sprung directly from the unique belief-system of the Old South. It was this belief system which caused the Southern states to secede from the Union; it was to destroy this belief system that the North invaded and conquered the South; it was this belief system which the Confederates fought to the death to defend; it was this belief system which alone sustained the Southern survivors through the long, terrible years of Reconstruction and post-Recon-struction; and it is this belief system which our liberal enemies are bent upon destroying today. It is this unique belief system of the Old South, therefore, which constitutes our Confederate heritage.
Before we can appreciate fully the power and strength and beauty of our Confederate heritage, we must first understand the true nature of the belief system of the Northeast which opposed it. So let us note the features of that opposing belief-system now.
Northern Liberalism
In the 17th century, English philosophers — smarting under the harsh reigns of King and Bishop — dreamed of a better political system, in which the power would be vested in the people. In the 18th century, French philosophers took hold of those dreams and refined them into secular humanism, a religion which pretends to be a scientifically-based philosophy of government. The works of those philosophers constitute the French Enlightenment; their chief priest is Jean Jacques Rousseau; and today their religion is simply called liberalism.
Stripped to its basics, the religion
of liberalism preaches that there is no God; therefore, man himself is god; and it is the ability and the duty of man to perfect mankind. But only the elite of liberalism can do that. Individual man is incompetent even
Alexander Hamilton
to manage his own affairs, so many of his thoughts and most of his actions must be directed by the state; and the state must be run by the allwise True Believers of liberalism. The goal of liberalism is the elimination of poverty, crime, and warfare; and he way to achieve it is by imposing social and economic equality upon all of the citizens (which, of course, will require a totalitarian government). To prepare the citizens for perfect equality, they must all — as children — be force-fed the proper liberal education by the states school system. But there is a problem with that: the children can only be educated properly if they have completely open minds; and the institutions of church, family, and community will have filled the children’s minds with opposing viewpoints. Therefore, the influences of Christianity, family, and commu-
nity upon the child must be destroyed by the state. The fruits of this process will be called “The Rights of Man.”
If none of the above matches up with what the liberals have said that they are all about, I suggest that you read Rousseaus works critically — especially Du Contrat Social (The Social Contract). Interestingly, Rousseau was a certifiable crazy who led an abominable life, yet his preachments so excited the intellec-tuals/politicians as to have been responsible for fomenting the bloodbath that was the French Revolution, the later bloodbaths that were or are Soviet Communism, Chinese Communism, Fascism, and Nazism and the Gramsci Marxism whose multiculturalism and political correctness are destroying the social structure of the United States today before our very eyes.
This ersatz religion found fertile ground in 19th century New England, which had been settled initially by Londoners and likeminded East Anglians. They were by nature city-dwellers who enjoyed living in close proximity to their fellows, under the tight control of municipal governments; who favored the specialization of labor, under the rigid control of management; and who bred intellectuals to tell the public how to think.
The early advocate of a national government in the US exercising rigid control over the citizenry was New Yorker Alexander Hamilton, who — at the Constitutional Convention of 1787 — proposed an all-powerful national government under which only the rich would have the vote; and they would elect a President for life with the final veto over congressional legislation; and the national government would tax the
Southern Mercury
July/August 2003 — 9
citizenry (particularly the Southerners) heavily, to subsidize the New England manufacturers and industrialize the country. Hamilton's plan was rebuffed by the other delegates; but as the secretary of the treasury under President Washington, he invented out of thin air the “implied powers” that were supposedly granted by the US Constitution, to justify’ the establishment of a national bank which the Constitution patendv did not authorize — and thus he gutted the Tenth Amendment, and rendered vulnerable the entire content of the Constitution.
Later, Hamilton invented the Federalist party — which, if he had exhibited a shred of honesty, he would have named the Nationalist party. It sought to junk states’ rights and the confederation of states, and turn the US into a nation-state with a controlling central government. Hamilton’s follower, Chief Justice John Marshall, largely achieved that end from 1804 through 1825 via an arbitrary set of rulings by the US Supreme Court. Later, the Federalist party morphed into the Whig party (in which Abraham Lincoln was one
John Marshall
of the True Believers); and in 1854 that party morphed into the Republican party.
Meanwhile, the 19th century socialist organization which wielded real (propaganda) power in the US was the New England Transcendental ists (led by Ralph Waldo Emerson and other ex-Congregationalist ministers). Transcendentalism claimed to be a religion based upon the belief in God which despised secular humanism, big government, etc.; but in fact, it preached government-enforced abolition, women’s rights, and other forms of social equality which could only have been attained and enforced by a totalitarian national government. The Transcendentalists made forced abolition socially respectable in the North toward the middle of the 19th century.
The Northern-based Republican party was the successful amalgamation of the Whig party’s demand for a nation-state with a powerful central government which would tax the citizenry to subsidize manufacturing and the abolitionists who demanded a nation-state with a powerful government which would enforce social equality upon the citizenry. (The elite who run the US today via both political parties increasingly demand the same combination.)
Abraham Lincoln, the Republican Party’s presidential candidate in 1860, was actually a Whig, not a Republican. He took no interest in abolition; but he sought to create a nation-state which would tax the citizenry of the South to the bone to finance the complete industrialization of the US. The Republican Party platform of 1860 mirrored his intent.
The election of 1860 made plain
Abraham Lincoln
to the Southern leaders that although the Republican Party was solely | Northern regional party, the population gain by the North during the first half of the 19th century had been so immense that even if the national Democratic Party had not split apart in 1860, the Republicans would still have won that election! And the Republicans had also won complete control of Congress; so now they were free to use the power of the federal government to tax the Southern states dry. There was no way to reverse that population imbalance, so the Southern states would swiftly become, and remain, the helpless agricultural colonies of the hate-filled North — unless they now seceded lawfully from the Union and formed their own country. And that is what they proceeded to do.
But this clash of economic policies was only the surface manifestation of the totally opposed belief systems of the North and the South. And now that we have seen what drove (and drives) the North’s belief system and its threat to the South, now we are ready to examine the belief system of the Old South — our Confederate heritage.
10 — July/August 2003
Southern Mercury
Vandalized statue of Jefferson Davis in New Orleans.
Our Confederate Heritage
Although the Northeast had been populated by East Anglians, the South had been settled by Englishmen and Celts from the other regions of the British Isles — individualists who did not like cities or the specialization of labor because both of those institutions required their subjects to submit to tight control by the governing bodies. The countenance (or public image) of the South was created largely by its aristocracy, the planters, who had patterned themselves after the English landed gentry. The planters, too, preferred farms to cities; and their ideal was the Renaissance Man who could design or repair his own farm machinery, keep his accounts, read law, and socialize — all with equal facility. Like the English landed gentry, the planters lived by a chivalric code.
Unlike the New Englanders, most of the original Southern settlers had not been religious dissidents; and although they had called themselves Christians, they had not been enamored of the hierarchy and pomp and circumstance of the Church of England or the Roma . Catholic Church, and so they held religion lightly. But during the Second Great Awakening in the early 19th century, circuit-riding ministers of the Baptist,
Methodist, and Presbyterian denominations peeled away the extraneous rituals and dogma and hierarchy to provide the practitioner with a stripped-down personal religion which brought him closer to God. The
Southerners now embraced Christianity, and brought it into their daily lives — moreso, perhaps, than did any other region in 19th century America.
Southem-Protestant Christianity reinforced gready the Southerners’ natural antipathy toward the tight satiation of the population by a g central government. Chris-o reaches that because of •I Sin, all men are sinners — e Bible identifies a number of ipl ding character defects that have ■evented man from living and
working en masse in harmony ever since early recorded history. Thus, unlike the liberals, the Southern Christians believe that mankind is not perfectible, and to permit a ruling elite to attempt to perfect mankind by exercising tight control over the society would be
disastrous.
Further, traditional Southerners believe that with God’s help, most men are competent to manage their own affairs; but that one of man’s greatest shortcomings is his inability to rule his fellow men wisely — his ego always gets in the way. Thus Lord Acton’s dictum: “Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.” Therefore, the less control the government exercises over the citizens, the better.
The belief system of the Old South was also based heavily upon the Ten Commandments, which emphasize (besides the worship of God) the overriding importance of family and community; and the absolute necessity for dealing morally with both. Therefore, the traditional Southerners associated crime with sin: accordingly, Christianity taught most Southerners to want to live within the law. That viewpoint gave them a strict unwrit-ten-but-universally-understood moral code to live by, which enabled them to function well with a mini-
Traditional Southerners believe that with Gods help, most men are competent to manage their own affairs...
July/August 2003 — 11
Photo by Shannon R. Walgumotte
Some SCV members have actually accepted the beliefs of Northern liberalism (multiculturalism, et al.), and are helping the liberals to destroy the traditional Southerners as a people...
mum number of written laws. As the result, the Southerners never believed in loading; themselves down with a huge set of written laws to regulate every aspect of their society. The Old Souths social code was based upon a personal code of honor emphasizing moral conduct, courage in the face of overwhelming odds, honesty, kindness, politeness, and the value of tradition.
Although the Old South was definitely a class-based society, it was not greed-driven. Therefore, wealth was not the sole determinant of a man's success in life; so the Southerners of different classes respected each other far more chan did the “classless” Northerners. And not being the victims of uncontrolled consumerism, the Southerners believed that the simpler ways made for a better balanced and more enjoyable life. All of these beliefs resulted in the decent society, which was a superior society in terms of enabling its members to lead satisfying lives.
Because of their basic nature as a people and because of their Southern-Protestant beliefs, most of the antebellum Southerners were strict constitutionalists. They believed that the federal government should have minimal power to regulate their lives — just as the US Constitution had prescribed; because, as only one region of the nation, the South could exert only minimal control over the federal government. The Southerners believed that the state government should be given more power over them, and local government should have the most power of
all; because, in turn, they themselves could exert more control over government at those levels.
But in every case, the Southerners believed that there should be a bare minimum of written laws to govern their conduct. They believed — righdy — that those Southerners who had been raised to community standards would already know how to conduct themselves. And at the heart of their belief system were the clear understandings that the individual is more important than the state; that the government exists to serve the individual; and that if the individual is subordinated to the state, despotism reigns. These views were in direct opposition to those of Northern liberalism — whose eventual goal was a totalitarian state.
The population shift during the first half of the 19th century gave the North so much political power at the federal level that the Northern-based Republican party won control of the White House and the Congress in the elections of 1860; and the Republicans announced their intent to use federal legislation to subjugate the South and tax it dry. Because of their own belief system, the Southerners could not tolerate such despotic control; a nd the Southern states seceded from the Union. When President Lincoln sent his Union armies to invade and conquer the South, the Confederates fought to the death to defend their
beliefs. And they clung to those belief, during the harsh years of Reconstruction. In fact, the belief system of the Old South survived more or less intact until the late 1950s; so I was fortunate enough to have grown ii :o maturity in the Old South (I was pm in
1933).
And it is that belief‘ Stem of die Old South which constk tes our Confederate heritage — which in 1896 Gen. Stephen D. Lee charged the SCV to cherish, to live by, and to spread throughout the South.
Our Confederate Heritage Today
From the beginning, the leader ship of the SCV made a serious erro in judgment The leaders assumed that because the South had continued to live by its belief system throughout the War of Northern Aggression and Reconstruction and post-Reconstruction, undoubtedly the South would continue to live by that belief system forever. Consequently, the SCV leadership made little effort to spell out the details of that belief system — our Confederate heritage — on paper, and then teach it to every prospective member of the SCV so powerfully that he would understand it clearly, and thereafter cherish it, live by it, and teach it to his fellow Southerners.
But what the Northern liberals had failed to accomplish by overt warfare and oppression in the 19th century, they achieved by guile during the 20th century. During the first half of the century they infiltrated and subverted the South’s principal institutions (the education establishment, the news media, big
Southtm MtKun
12 —July/August 2003
business, etc.) During the middle part of the century they unleashed an overwhelming flow of propaganda at us that has continued to this day, aimed at destroying our faith in our belief system. And then, beginning in the late 1950s, under the guise of providing the Southern blacks with civil rights, the Northern liberals sent the federal government to invade the South and systematically destroy the Old South and # •»
crush and suppress its belief system. The liberals succeeded brilliandy at their self-appointed task, to the extent that now most Southerners — including most members of the SCV — do not even know what their Confederate heritage is. Some SCV members have actually accepted the beliefs of Northern liberalism (multiculturalism, et al.), and are helping the liberals to destroy the traditional Southerners as a people;
and many of those destructive members are not even aware of what they are doing.
Today the SCV should be a formidable instrument, successfully (and lawfully) defending the Souths traditional belief system and way of life against the accelerating attacks by the liberals and black activists, who are bent upon vilifying and suppressing every vestige of our heritage. But, in fact, the SCV of today is largely ineffectual. The key problem is that the SCV has no unifying vision to give all of its members a common goal which they are determined to attain no matter what.
What the SCV specifically lacks is the knowledge, mutually held by all of its members, of the exact nature of our Confederate heritage — which is basically the belief system of the Old South; and the
conviction, held firmly by all of its members, that our own belief system is far superior to the socialist one that the liberals are forcing upon us today. Until the SCV has taught each of its members to cherish, live by, and promulgate our Confederate heritage, the SCV will not become a unified organization, and it cannot accomplish anything worthwhile. Therefore, teaching our heritage very carefully to every member and prospective member needs to become one of the highest priorities of the SCV.
Frank Conner is the author of The South Under Siege 1830-2000/A History of the Relations Between the North and the South. For information on this book visit his web site at http://collards.phantacom.net
A New Voice For Today!
SOUTHERJN
IERCUI
UNPARDONED • UNREPENTANT • UNRECONSTRUCTED
Only $28 per year for six feature packed issues
Name		Phone	
AH/Ifpcc		F-mail 		
Cjbj	State	Zip	
			
Sun?* v
Subscribe Today!
Make your check payable to Southern Mercury and mail to PO Box 1496 Columbia, TN 38402-1496
July/August 2003 — 13
r
Morris Dees, The Southern Poverty
By Dr. Boyd Cathey
The Issue And Some Questions
In the late 1990s what is perhaps the most powerful and profes-| sional “anti-hate” civil rights pressure group in the United States — the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) — began targeting and attacking the Sons of Confederate Veterans, its leaders, and initiatives.
In “exposes” published in the SPLC’s quarterly journal Intelligence Report, in training courses offered to hundreds of law enforcement agents across the nation, and in its self-erected position as a “source” for “background” on “hate groups” to national media outlets such as CNN, ABC, and CBS News, this powerful group began lumping the SCV together not only with other respectable heritage organizations (such as the League of the South), but with "the Kian" and skinheads. The SCV was, said the SPLC, increasingly dominated by neo-f Confederates. The SCV’i campaign, for instance, to retain the CSA Battle Mag atop the South Carolina capital building the SPIjC termed “sometimes ugly" and various Sf .V leaders were t ailed “racists or white supremacists.
Why has the Southern Poverty law Caitci unleashed these attacks!' Just what is this powerful “civil rights' group, and who is its contro-
versial leader, Morris Seligman Dees? Why is the SPLC so highly regarded by law enforcement? Members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans and open minded citizens need to understand and answer these questions. And educators and the news media should closely examine their reliance on the SPLC for “facts” or “background” when reporting stories relating to Southern and Confederate heritage.
First, a little history is in order.
The Role Of The SCV
In 1906 Confederate veteran General Stephen D. Lee addressed the national convention of the Sons of Confederate Veterans in New ()rleans, placing before them what would be known henceforth as the “charge," summarizing the purposes and goals of the Sons (then a relatively new organization only ten years old). Those brief words of General S. 1). I ,cc bear repeating:
lo you, Sum of Confederate Veterans, we will commit the vindication of the i a uie for winch we fought, lo your nrength will be given the
defense of the Confederate soldier’s good name, the guardianship of his history, the emulation of his virtues, the perpetuation of those principles which he loved and which you love also, and those ideals which made hh glorious and which you also cherish.
For the first seventy-five years or its existence, the SCV was mostly concerned with memory, with keeping alive the memory of the exploits and accomplishments of our ancestors; with commemorating their service and sacrifice; with retelling their momentous odyssey in books and articles and speeches; and in inspiring new generations of Southerners (and Americans generally) to emulate their virtues. By the 1970s and 1980s many of the symbols and much of the history that Southern folk had taken for granted over the years began to he questioned, disputed, and attacked. Indeed, Southern and Confederate culture, itself, came under a barrage of assaults on many fronts. Many in the so-called “civil rights" movements of the 1960s were not content to simply press for reasonable legal and constitutional changes; rathet. some saw the resulting upheaval as an opportunity to demolish and eliminate just about A1 I of Contcd crate culture and heritage and to
O . .. A il
14 Juiy/Auguti 2003
Min *#n
iter, And The Attack On Southern Culture
make some money in the process.
Like the English bands that played The World Turned Upside Down at Yorktown in 1781, Southerners witnessed their world turned upside down and the denigration of almost anything and everything “Confederate.”
Prior to 1990 the SCV had concentrated most of its efforts on the goal of commemorating
Confederate veterans, their history and heritage, and in telling their story. But Stephen D. Lees charge demanded that latter-day sons also, when required, defend the PRINCIPLES that their forefathers advanced. What are those principles that General Lee referred to? The late historian/author Professor M. E. Bradford, among others, summed them up: a belief that tradition should be our guide constitutionally and socially, a stout defense of the rights of the states, a strongly religious conception of civil society, a reliance on communities and families as basic to society and the social order, and opposition to egalitarianism politically and socially. All of our ancestors would have subscribed to these tenets, whether “old” Whig or
Democrat, “fire-eater” or “conserva-
n
“Morris Dees and I, from the first day of our partnershipy shared one overriding purpose: to make a pile of money.
tive.
Increasingly, throughout the 1990s to the present, the SCV has been forced to defend the principles about which General Lee spoke and
three hundred thousand Southern boys gave their lives to defend. Composed of lineal descendants of the veterans of
1861-1865, the SCV is the largest Southern heritage organization in the nation, and it occupies a unique position in the increasingly bitter battle for Southern and Confederate heritage and culture. The defense of that heritage has brought the SCV squarely into conflict with those who not only want to eliminate Southern symbols but who also wish to purge and destroy Southern culture itself, the Southern way of life. Those symbols will cease to have meaning if the culture and heritage they represent, the ideas they stand for, are no longer celebrated, believed, and felt. That is why the SCV has not only stoutheartedly opposed such things as the lowering of historic flags from official buildings and the elimination of “rebel” mascots, but has also
assisted Southern citizens and students whose rights, culture and heritage have been attacked and imperiled.
ENTER THE SPLC:
Who is Morris Dees?
Morris Seligman Dees was born in Alabama and received a law degree from the University of Alabama. One of his earliest associates was Millard Fuller, who would later found Habitat for Humanity. In 1960 Fuller and Dees formed the law partnership of Dees and Fuller in Montgomery. Their object, as Fuller expresses it in two autobiographical volumes, was “to get rich” and get rich quick. They did this through any number of enterprises: selling cookbooks, toothbrushes, tractor cushions—anything that would make money.(2) In his book Love In the Mortar Joints. Fuller states: “Morris Dees and I, from the first day of our partnership, shared one overriding purpose: to make a pile of money. We were not particular about how we did it; we just wanted to be independently rich. During the eight years we worked together we never wavered in that resolve.” But Fuller grew disenchanted with that lifestyle: “But everything has a price," he recounts. “And 1 paid for our success in several ways. One price 1 paid was estrange-
S out hern Men ury
July/August 2003 — 15
Decs, meanwhile, began raking in the bucks — and seeking to make friends in high places. While segregation was still the law of the land he had supported and worked in a campaign for Governor George Wallace, and his law firm was involved in defending a man charged with beating one of the Freedom Riders during the 1961 Montgomery “freedom” bus rides. The legal fee, states Fuller, “was paid by the Klan and the White Citizens Coun-
dL"w
But times were changing, and Morris Dees could read the signs. By
1971 Dees had been “reborn” as a “defender” of civil rights; in that year he, Julian Bond, and Joseph Levin founded the Southern Poverty Law Center to serve as a “civil rights law firm” and promote social justice. (Bond would resign from the SPLC when it became apparent that his presence was deterring contributions by liberal Jewish donors).(5) In 1972 Dees served as a fundraiser for presidential candidate George McGovern and proved extremely adept at direct-mail solicitations; according to journalist John Edgerton in an article, “Poverty Palace: I low the SPLC Got Rich Fighting the Klan,” published in the liberal magazine I'he Progressive,
Dees raised some $24 million for the McGovern campaign.(6J By 1975 Morris Dees had established himself (and the SPLC) as a leading light
Morris Dees and Charles Morgan in Raleigh, NC, on August 2,
1975, during the Joan Little trial.
Julian Bond
among “professional” civil rights advocates.
THE END JUSTIFIES THE MEANS:
The Joan Little Case and Beyond A major opportunity for national prominence came Morris Dees’ way in 1975 with the infamous Joan Little case in Washington, North Carolina. The facts of the case were well reported at the time: Litde, a black woman and convicted felon, was apparently approached by her white jailor for sexual favors, whereupon she stabbed and killed him with an ice pick. The case immediately was made a cause celebre by left wing groups and the Communist Party and by a sympathetic press nationwide. Dees and the SPLC were involved in Littles defense, along with another high-profile “professional” civil rights attorney, Jerry Paul. Paul boasted that the defense team had “orchestrated the press.” As correspondent Mark Pinsky later wrote in the Columbia Journalism Review, “... the great untold (or unreported) story of the Joan Little trial, which 1 first learned
from the members of the defense law firm and defense committee [italics mine], was the role of the Communist Party.. .controlling the entire (and considerable) political movement surrounding the case [....] Party members were visible and influential on the defense committee___”(7) Rallies in support of Little
raised large sums of money, despite, states Pinsky, “persistent charges of large-scale [financial] mismanagement and misappropriation....”(8) During the trial Dees revealed just how far he was ready to go to succeed. He attempted to bribe a witness — suborn perjury. He was arrested and removed from the court. While the felony charge was later dropped, presiding judge Hamilton Hobgood refused to readmit Dees to the case, a refusal that was upheld on appeal when the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear his appeal.®
The 1975 perjury arrest was not the last time that Dees and the SPLC would be charged with bribing a witness to advance an agenda. In 1990 Dees and the SPLC sued well-known West Coast racialist loin
16 — July/August 2003
Southern Mmwi
Reprinted by pcrmi.vs.ioi
Mrtttspr with the object of putting \\cnsjcr and his various enterprises out of business by destroying him financially. This famous case, “putting bate on trial” as it was called by the media, involved charges that Monger inspired skinheads to fatally beat an Ethiopian immigrant. Greg Withrow and David Mazella were prosecution witnesses for Dees. Withrow also described in lurid detail how he himself was nailed to a cross on August 8, 1987. Because of his testimony, Withrow became something of a celebrity; he appeared on the Oprah Winfree program and was sponsored on an “anti-hate” tour by the Anti-Defamation League.(10) But in a report published on August 25, 2001, The San Diego Union- Tribune revealed that Withrow had recanted his testimony and that he was suing Dees, the SPLC, and the ADL for 32 million in damages. Withrow eclared that the story of the cruci-ixion was fabricated, and add:* >n-ally that Dees paid him $1,50 > ' or perjured testimony in the trial added that Dees also paid th ier prosecution witness, David h :	:11a,
aswell.(n*	-	<
Charges of perjury are not the only legal problems that Morris Dees has had. In 1979 Maureene Bass Dees, his ex-wife, sued him, alleging instances when Dees had committed incest with his stepdaughter and future daughter-in-law. At least once he was alleged to have engaged in homosexual conduct.(l2>
USING HATE TO GET RICH:
Dees the Hustler In his two autobiographical volumes, Love In the Mortar Joints and hokotola, Habitat for Humanity founder Millard f uller offers a fascinating portrait of Morris Decs, a
man on the make, a man whose goal was to make money, and lots of it, and to have friends in high places. Although the Southern Poverty Law Center was founded ostensibly as a “civil rights” organization to do such things as defend prisoners who faced the death penalty or sue on behalf of those suffering from discrimination, the Dees organization quickly became the richest and most powerful organization of its kind in the United States. According to investigative journalist Ken Silverstein in a major report published in Harpers Magazine (November, 2000), the SPLC counted (in 2000) assets of well over $120 million.(13> Most of this is raised through direct mail solicitations, and very little of it is spent on behalf of the “poor, downtrodden, and oppressed.” Most of the solicited millions remain in the hands of Dees and the SPLC. In 1998 the American Institute of
Philanthropy, which evaluates the stewardship of charitable organizations, gave the SPLC an “F” rating in its administration of its funds.*14* A former associate, Millard Farmer, has stated: “He’s the Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker of the civil rights movement, though I don’t mean to malign Jim and Tammy Faye.”(,5) Let’s examine the methods of Dees and the SPLC.
From its beginning the SPLC created an easy target: the Ku Klux Klan. Never mind that the Klan, by the late 1970s and 1980s, was splintered into dozens of dwindling groups, down to less than 2,000 members nationwide, with almost no power or influence. As Ken Silverstein relates, “the news of a declining Klan does not make for inclining donations to Morris Dees and Co., which is why the SPLC honors nearly every nationally covered ‘hate crime’ with direct mail
Morris Dees, at right, in his "new office" in the Wake County Courthouse, Raleigh, NC, on August 5, 1975.
“He's the Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker of the civil rights movement, though I dont mean to malign Jim and Tammy Faye. I — Millard Farmer
Southern Mercury
July/August 2003— 17
Reprinted by permission of The Newt & Observer of Raleigh, NC
alarums full of nightmarish invocations ot armed Klan paramilitary forces' and Violent neo-Nazi extremists,' and why Decs does legal battle with almost exclusively with mediagenic villains...."06' In his famous lawsuit against the United Klans of America in 1987, Dees won a judgment of $7 million on behalf of Beulah Mae Donald, whose son had been killed by individual
Klansmen. The Klans total assets amounted to one warehouse, the
sale of which netted Donald damages of $51,875. But the SPLC in a direct mail campaign implied that it was forcing the Klan to pay Mrs. Donald the full amount. It used the Donald killing (including a lurid photograph of her dead son) to raise an additional $9 million. Mrs. Donald got nothing.(,7)
In February 1994 two investigative reporters for The Montgomery Advertiser, Dan Morse and Greg Jaffe, published a revelatory series of articles on the SPLC, Morris Dees, and their fundraising tactics.(18) According to three former SPLC attorneys interviewed for the series. Dees selected the Klan as a target because he knew that it would bring in tens of millions of dollars from conscience-ridden liberals across the nation. “The fundraising letters would make it seem to people who really didn’t know the South as if the Klan was out of control ... And so he (Dees) could get Northerners who really didn’t know much about the South to give him money,” Deborah Ellis, former SPLC attorney, told The Montgomery Advertiser
reporters. “The market is still wide open for the product, which is black pain and white guilt,” the article quotes Gloria Browne, another former SPLC attorney, as saying.(,9)
The Montgomery Advertiser’s reporters found that because of his fundraising practices a number of
Dees’ associates left the SPLC in disgust. Former SPLC associate Courtney Mullin declared of Dees that he is “... not immoral, he’s amoral ... I hesitate to say the words that I want to say because they sound so far out, but I really think the Center — in so far as Morris embodies the Center — is evil. They pretend to be on a side that has moral underpinnings (but) they do damage by their dishonesty
___I mean the little old lady from
North Carolina sends her $5 thinking that she’s going to help ... then it’s just going to line the coffers of the Southern Poverty Law Center so they can have the most beautiful building in the world and have all this money in the bank. That’s wrong.”(20) In 1986 the SPLC’s entire legal staff resigned in protest over Dees’ refusal to address the issues of homelessness, voter registration, and affirmative action which they considered more important to poor minorities — but much less lucrative than appealing to largely white benefactors about the evils of the
Kian.oi>
In fact, according to another story published in The Birmingham News, the SPLC had few minority employees on its staff and the ones working there were unhappy.0”
Over its nearly three decades of operation, the SPLC had hired only two black attorneys, both of whom had left disillusioned. Of the thirteen former black employees interviewed by The Montgomery Advertiser, twelve complained of racial problems while at the SPLC, problems which ranged from a paternalistic attitude to racial slurs.'^
The SPLC spends twi< -.s much (1999 figures) on fundrai as it does on legal services for c 1 rights abuse “victims.”0® In a it im survey of regular donors v o contributed to the SPLC, The Montgomery Advertiser found that most had no idea the Center was so wealthy. Indeed, the American Institute of Philanthropy estimates that the SPLC could operate normally for almost five years without raising one additional tax-exempt penny from well-meaning donors!0® Despite its affluence, the Center files relatively few lawsuits against “hate” groups, and those are generally high profile, moneymaking ones. Yet the SPLC continues to solicit contributions “aggressively and effectively.” Reporters Morse and Jaffe report that “three nationwide organizations that monitor charities have criticized the Law Center for misleading donors and spending too little on programs.”0®
The rash of alleged Southern black church burnings in 1996 gave Morris Dees and the SPLC another opportunity to use supposed “hate” for profit. At the time he claimed that the burnings were the work of a conspiracy of Southern “white extremists” [the Klan and others of like mind]. But subsequent investigation by a federal commission found no conspiracy; in fact, most of
Continued on page 22
In 1986 the SPLC’s entire legal staff resigned in protest over Dees’ refusal to address the issues of homelessness, voter registration, and affirmative action....
18	July/August 200.3
Southern Merwn
Myths & Realities Of
AmtHoui Slavery: The True History
Of Slavery In America
By John C. Perry
Reviewed by Ann Rives Zappa
With regard to his credentials for writing a book about slavery, Author John C. Perry describes himself as “endowed....with just about everything politically incorrect.” He adds, “I am a white male Southerner.” In this masterful treatment of the subject, the author uses historical d ta, personal accounts, and statis-t s to establish facts and debunk r yths.
In his well-researched book, Mr. Ferry documents slavery from the beginning of recorded history. Most religions had allowed and even encouraged slavery. Only in the nineteenth century did civilizations and societies begin to assess slavery and take measures to end this institution.
England decided unilaterally to ban the slave trade in 1808 and used the might of her Navy to enforce this decision. Interestingly, by the time of the War Between the States, the slave population in America consisted of fifth- and sixth-generation blacks, descendents of the original slave population imported early in the 1800’s. Nowhere else in slave-owning countries and territories had slaves survived and repro-
duced at this astounding rate.
Author Perry cites the most flagrant slavery myths, perpetuated constantly by Northern liberals and media sources that hate the South.
In fact, our liberal federal government has mandated revision of historical information that the National Battlefield Parks currently present to the public — decreeing an end to “Southern bias” and a declaration that slavery is the sole cause of the War Between the States.
The facts Mr. Perry establishes are ignored by media and writers of history texts used in schools. Black
organizations consistently and conveniently ignore two facts: first, the majority of African slaves were captured and sold by other African tribes. Second, many slave owners were free blacks.
Another completely ignored statistic is that three-fourths of all Southern families did not own slaves. For Northerners and scalawags to claim that our ancestors served in the Army of the Confederate States of America to preserve the institution of slavery borders on the ridiculous.
Myths & Realities of American Slavery, The True History of Slavery of America, will be a welcome addition to the bookshelves of all Southerners. This excellent resource will provide ammunition to fire at detractors and liars always attempting to besmirch the good name of the South and defame our honored and beloved Confederate ancestors.
Ann Rives Zappa is a noted author and writer living in Chatham County North Carolina. You can view her hooks at www.annzappa.com. She is a member of the United Daughters of the Confederacy Order of Confederate Rose, and serves as a private in Kntbbs Battery of Virginia and Zimmermanns battery of South Carolina.
Myths & Realities
OF
American Slavery
llwTnic History of
Southern Mercury
July/August 2003 — 10
An Ice Skating Confederate
by James Ronald Kennedy
Jt had been an extremely cold night. The north wind had blown a late February freeze over Mississippi. Uncle Seth felt the cold in his joints as he slowly moved to the fireplace, pine knot in hand. Soon, he had a blazing fire going in the hearth. He peered through the window and saw twelve-inch icicles frozen to the white-oak shingles along the nooPs drip line. Each one shimmered like diamonds as the rising sun pierced through the translucent ice.
“Get-up boys!” Uncle Seth colled to his young great-grandchildren. “Ole Jack Frost has decorated our house with diamond daggers.”
The crackling fire and Uncle Seths curious announcement were all that was needed to get the boys out of their warm beds. One glance rhrough the iced-covered window-light and they immediately began to dress for the outside. After all, you don't see something like this very often in south central Mississippi.
“Come on, boys! Lets go down to the pond and break the ice so the mules can get a drink of water,” urged Uncle Seth. Reaching the pond, they found the ice almost too thick to break with the ax. This was the perfect invitation for the boys to cry their skill as ice walkers. Their slick leather-bottomed brogans were no match for the ice. As soon as their feet hit the ice, head over heels
and down they went! Uncle Seth chuckled at their youthful antics.
“Okay, boys! Y’ail a-getting too far out. The ice is too thin to support you out there in the middle,” the old Confederate veteran warned.
“Y’ail come here, and let me tell y’ail about one of my good friends who witnessed a Confederate POW escaping from a Yankee prison camp on ice skates!” he declared. “My friend F. Cl. Connellee from Bertrand, Virginia, told me about
the time he and a lot of our men were confined at Point Lookout. The Potomac River was frozen over, and the Yankee soldiers were having a great time with their ice skates. Our poor boys were watching — most of ’em had never seen anyone on ice skates before. One Southerner vvas watching with greater curiosity than the rest. He kept asking the Yanks about the magic that held theskan. up so well on slick ice. Well, this provided the Yanks with great fun the poor Southern fool (they thought) was so dumb (as they
20 — July/August 2003
Southern Mmv 1
figured most of us naturally were) that he didnt even know about ice skating. The Southern fool kept asking his silly questions to the amusement of his captors. Soon, he made the outlandish statement to the Yanks that ice skating didn’t look too hard and he bet that he could do it." Uncle Seth stopped to see if the boys were following his story.
“What happened Uncle Seth?” inquired Curtis as he once more slipped on the ice.
“Well, boys,” continued Uncle Seth with a chuckle, “That dumb hayseed put on those magic skates and immediately began to slip, slide, and fall around just like you’re doing, Curtis. The Yanks were having a great laugh at this poor fellow’s expense. Slowly, he slipped and fell his way toward an opening in the Yanks’ line of guards. Then, as if by magic, that poor dumb Southerner shot through their lines and began to speed skate with perfect form up the Potomac River! Oh, you should have seen the astonishment on the faces of those brilliant and intellectually superior Yankees! For precious moments they just stood there watching in disbelief as their prisoner dashed for freedom. At last, they shook off their dismay at what had been perpetrated upon them and sounded the alarm. It looked like a scene from a comedy show. There went the Confederate skater in perfect form, speeding away up the Potomac River with Yankees in full uniform slipping, sliding, falling, and cursing, attempting to shoot at the low profile of the speed skater. Of course, his fellow POWs were cheering him on, but looking upriver they could see a break in the
ice. It was a tract of water about thirty feet wide kept open to allow boats to move up and down the river. On the other side was Maryland and freedom. The Confederate skater never slowed down. Reaching the break in the ice, he jumped into the air, and aided by his tremendous speed he cleared the break, landed on his feet on the other side, and — just to rub salt into the Yankees’ wounded pride — he stopped, spraying ice everywhere, and waved good-bye to his captors!”
The boys loved to hear the old Confederate veteran’s stories. He loved their company and knew that .soon he and his aging comrades in gray would no longer be around to tell their stories. Who then would give meaning to the sacrifices made
by the men who wore the Gray in the War for Southern Independence? Uncle Seth sighed; the weight of defending the honor of the South was greater than anything he had endured during the War. If Curtis’ Yankee schoolbooks were any indication, it wouldn’t be long before everyone in the South would hate him and his comrades. “Yes,” thought Uncle Seth, “the victor is not satisfied with only stealing our freedom. He is now moving against our memory.”
© James Ronald Kennedy, www.Kennedy Twins, com. Uncle Seth is a fictional character. His adventures are based on actual events as told by Confederate Veterans and other Southerners who were actual witnesses to the events described.
HENRY S. JORDAN, MD, FACS
SURGERY, ENDOSCOPY AND ADVANCED LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
309 EAST GREENVILLE ST.	pH	y
ANDERSON. SC 29621	PH‘(864) 224‘3100
Southern Men ury
July/August 2003 — 21
Continued from page 18
Merchants of Hate
the burnings had nothing to do with “white extremists” at all. The Charlotte Observer concluded that Dees and the SPLC had “misinformed the media."12 ' Reporter Andrea Stone in USA Today admitted that “...some black civil rights leaders...say Dees raises millions by exaggerating the threat of hate groups. For instance, in a recent report on arsons at black churches in the South, his...newsletter included five 1990 fires in Kentucky. The article doesn’t mention they were set by a black man.”(28) No wonder another Dees associate, Stephen Bight of the Southern Center for Human Rights, said of Dees, “[he] is a fraud who has milked a lot of very wonderful well-intentioned people. If it s got headlines, Morris is there.”(29)
Creating Hate Where None Exists Over the years Morris Dees and the SPLC have searched diligendy for “hate groups” to expose and then use in fundraising schemes. Many of the targeted groups are not “hate groups’ at all; some exist only on paper or only consist of a handfoll of members. That hasn’t stopped the SPLC. Soon after the infamous Oklahoma City bombing by Timothy McVeigh, the SPLC mailed out a solicitation linking McVeigh to militia groups.” In the best traditions of yellow journalism" the SPLC screamed that the “militia movement’ counted perhaps 40,000 members, mostly armed, and a majority linked to the Klan.,i0j But subsequently Federal investigators
found no connection between McVeigh and any militia group. Indeed, researcher Laird Wilcox estimated that members in such groups numbered only around 7,000, and most of them were not focussed on race or violence, but on constitutional issues.(3l) An FBI spokesman added that his agency did not regard the militia movement as a danger.(32)
More recently the SPLC claimed that Ohio had become a hotbed for rightwing "hate” groups. It listed forty such groups in the state, while a similar organization, the Center for New Community, declared that seventy-three "hate” groups had set up shop in the Buckeye State. David Martin, an investigative reporter for the Cleveland Scene, checked those claims and found them woefully exaggerated and disingenuous.
Instead of the “haven for hate” claimed by the SPLC, Martin found that most of the cited groups were marginal, minuscule, and practically non-existent. One of the “groups” listed was a ninety-year-old sight-impaired man who had once published a newsletter.(33) Asked about the prevalence of such groups in the state, Ted Almay, superintendent of the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Identification and Investigation, replied: “I don’t think there are 73 people in Ohio, let alone 73 groups” that fit that definition.l34) But don’t ask the SPLC to tell the real story when a money-raising exaggeration will do.
Reaching Students And Law Enforcement
One method the SPLC uses to spread its “anti-hate” message is its highly advertised “Teaching Tolerance" educational kit for schools and parent groups. Featuring a curriculum suitable for all levels in the
classroom, “Teaching Tolerance” it touted as a $325 value “absolutely free to any school on request”—but for the taker, only “at cost”—that is, $30 a kit.(35) Instructional materials for teachers train them on how to completely remold—perhaps the word should be “brainwash”—their students by combating “he speech, various stereotype eligious “bias,” and so on. One el nt, titled appropriately “I Sp tism,” encourages students to b, ae “conditioned” to recogni:	sexism,
racism, classism, and hon; phobia” among their fellow classmates and denounce it and “do something.” Another element encourages “creating a safe environment for gay and lesbian students.” Traditional norms of behavior and traditional religion are attacked as intolerant and prejudiced. There is even a component titled “Writing for Change,” that is aimed at fighting prejudice and discrimination by “deconstructing” the English language and the manner in which we write sentences — so as to avoid “hierarchy” and “avoid assumptions based on factors like age and race.” Students are exhorted to explore “the impact of homophobia and heterosexism” in writing, while encouraged to become aware of “perceptions of diversity. ”(36) “Teaching Tolerance” is a supreme example of the SPLC raising hundreds of thousands of dollars from well-intentioned educators and parents while spreading cultural Marxism to thousands of America’s schoolrooms.
For years the SPLC has offered propaganda and programs to train law enforcement to recognize and deal with “hate groups.” Recently, the SPLC, in collaboration with Auburn University-Montgomery and the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) launched
22 — July/August 2003
Southern Meraoy
^line ‘'hate-crime' training ^,fsc The course, “Introduction to Utc ®ias Crimes,” offers law .^fccmcnt officials college credit J continuing education credits, as -U as official FLETC recognition.
* mere $118
Ominously, the SPLC has also begun to aim its judicial venom at orthodox Christians. In a letter dated July 16, 2002, Dees outlined to a representative of the Americans United for Separation of Church and
State a legal
Ominously, the SPLC
has also begun to aim its judicial venom at orthodox Christians.
tnh the SPLC
adding schol-ifthips of up to ip of the cost),
qualified law
enforcement	_____________________
personnel can
enroll in the online semester course.1371 No doubt the officers will i "sensitized” appropriately through the ministrations of Dees and company.
No Enemies On The Left The SPLC is a self-proclaimed deft der of civil rights and “watchdog against “hate” and “extremism but what strikes many observ-cn curious is that just abou M of the ;roup’s enemies are on th political right wing. And, ind the list of tried and true famii targets — the Klan (now praci
moribund), Aryan Nations (sii|___
almost non-existent), and various skinhead groups — becomes less and less credible, the SPLC has widened ft reach and attempted to tie in conservative groups like the Council of Conservative Citizens and the League of the South: these groups and others like them have become the new” Klans, grist for the SPLC’s direci-mail solicitations! Legitimate and mainstream questions such as immigration policy, English as our national language, gay rights, abor-tton, and ' multiculturaHsm” now figure in SPLC Intelligence Reports as criteria for determining if some-0,»<- or some group is “extreme" or racist" or not.1**'
strategy *o ^ and defir Judge V Moore famous judge who placed a Ten
as
ally
ilarly
Commandments monument in the halls of the Alabama State Supreme Court. In his comments Dees details a plan to portray Judge Moors as a “bigot” and a “lone religious nut in partnership with a fanatical church [Dr. D. James Kennedy and the Presbyterian Church in America!]. This is the story that will make this case so dirty that no appeals court will reverse [it]....”(39) Interestingly enough, although numerous left-wing organizations promote class hatred and racial antagonism, such groups normally don’t appear on the SPLC’s web site as “hate” groups. The SPLC even endorses the work of some extreme left-wing organizations, terming them “human rights” groups. Researcher Laird Wilcox gives examples of two such radical left groups, the Center for Democratic Renewal of Atlanta and the Political Research Associates of Somerville, Massachusetts, both of which have had identifiable and long-time Marxist connec
tions.

” I -iiikism And Vicarious 1 lability Even more disturbing perhaps are some of the SPLC’s legal tactics.
I he Center has long been notorious for suing (and bankrupting) an entire organization tor the actions ot
a lone, individual member or mem-ben. Its lawsuits against Aryan Nations, the United Klans of America, and the Tom Metzger organization fall into that category. Such practices — termed legally “vicarious liability” — should cause serious alarm with civil libertarians,
» Ken Silverstein recounts in larper's. The 'PLC is also notorious for spying d preparing dossiers on private citizens who are supposedly “linked” to “hate” groups and then sharing its “files” on these “hate-mongers” with law enforcement agencies and a receptive news media/411 Favorite SPLC “spokesmen” such as publications editor Mark Potok show up repeatedly in print and on the air to offer “comment” on individuals and groups named on the SPLC’s laundry list of “hate” organizations. In many cases, such comments arc taken as gospel and there is little opportunity to rebut the criticism once uttered.
Once the charge is made, it is difficult to explain or counter the (mis-) information.
The SPLC skillfully employs what can be termed “linkism.* The tactic of “linkism” is simple: publish a list of individual members of one organization, indicate their personal memberships (even if long expired or only nominal) in other organizations, identify these ocher organizations as “hate” groups, and, voila, the first organization becomes, ipso facto, a “hate” organization as well. In other words, targeted individual are guilty by association. How is this different from the worst excesses of Met arthvom?
The spas Of C.uoMmic \ctcvans: SIM i * New Target Revcmly the SPl C bas begun to direct ihoc ukiu\ against the Sons
Southern Men ury
IuIv/AukusI MUM ''
of Confederate Veterans. Certain prominent members of the organization have been targeted — placed between the crosshairs would better describe it.
Dossiers have obviously been prepared, shaped accordingly with the “facts” carefully skewed to place the members in the worst possible light.
Negative and unflattering “exposes” are next published in the SPLCs Intelligence Report and then “picked up” by an amenable (or willingly collaborative) press. In its Summer 2000 issue, the Intelligence Report published two major attack articles, both implying that the SCV was being taken over by what it termed “neo-Confederates”: “A neo-Con-federate movement, increasingly rife with white supremacists and racist ideology,” it cries, “is growing across America.”'42) Both the SCV and the United Daughters of the Confederacy (UDC) were being transformed into “white supremacist” groups in contradistinction to what the SPLC defines as their historic purpose of being “interested only in Civil War remembrance.”(43) The SPLC apparendy has not read General Stephen D. Lees charge to the Sons, or perhaps it doesn’t understand that the SCV defends the honor of its Confederate ancestors not just by “remembering them/ but by advancing the constitutional principles and heritage they advanced one hundred and forty years ago. Apparently any attempt by the SCV or UDC to defend Confederate heritage, to defend the flying of the Battle Mag, to intervene on
behalf of the rights of students’ free speech, or to use the constitutionally guaranteed avenues of legal litigation to defend these rights is “racist” or
“hate speech” in the eyes of the
SPLC.
In the Spring 2002 issue of Intelligence Report the Center listed dozens of SCV officers whom it claimed belonged to what were “listed by the SPLC as hate groups.”(44) Then, during the Summer of 2002 the SPLCs Mark Potok appeared on CBS Evening News, right before the SCV s national convention in Memphis, Tennessee, to offer negative comments on the “direction” of the SCV. Shortly thereafter, attack articles showed up in the pages of a leftwing weekly in North Carolina, The Independent, and then in the pages of the more established News and Observer (Raleigh, NC) — on each occasion to slander and denigrate SCV members and the organization as a whole.(45) The tactics of guilt by association and “linkism” were clearly in evidence. The SCV had now become a primary target of Morris Dees and the SPLC.
Inactivity Is Not An Option Unlike the SPLCs negative characterization, the Sons of Confederate Veterans is NOT an “extremist” or “racist” group. For over one hundred years it has honored both the memory AND the ideals of the Con federate soldier. But historical memory is NOT the SCV* only role; the SCV is NOT simply a “civil war roundtable” or “history club.”
Any attempt by the SCV or UDC | defend Confederate heritage, .!!
• a • .w _ C4i
is racist or nate speech” in the eyes of the
SPLC.
The SCV, it is true, supports numerous educational and scholarship programs for students, is deeply involved in historic preservation activities, and supports historical awareness programs across the nation. But SCV members also love and will defend their precious patrimony, for their heritage is a rich and noble one that has been handed down to them from the hardy pioneers who settled at Jamestown, Port Royal, Bath Town, Savannah, New Orleans and St. Marys, or who came down the Great Wagon Road to the fertile Carolina Piedmont.
On the Confederate States’ national seal is the figure of a mounted President George Washington. Like their forbears of 1860-1861, the descendants of those reluctant warriors see themselves in a direct line from Washington, Madison, Jefferson, and so many others, defending the same principles and the same inherited cultural legacy. They want only to live those same principles and pass that heritage on to their children. They reject the vicious attacks of the SPLC and similar groups. And they ask that fair-minded fellow citizens, news media and law enforcement officials examine the facts and review the abundant information about the primary source of those attacks: Morris Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center.
NOTES:
(1) Sec the articles "Rebels with a Cause," Intelligence Report (Summer 2000); "The Neo-Con federates. Intelligence Report (Summer 2000); and "A House Divided. Intelligence Report (Spring 2000). Intelligent Report is the quarterly journal of the SPLC and increasingly it has taken aim at the SCV.
24 mm July/August 2003
Southern \len*n
(2)	Millard Fuller. Bokotoht (Chicago: Association Press/Follett Publishing Company. 19“"'), 3-4.
(3)	Fuller. Low in the Mortar Joints (Chicago: Association Press/Follett Publishing Company, 1980), 41-42.
(4)	Ibid.,
(5)	John Edgerton, “Poverty Palace:
How the Southern Poverty Law Center Got Rich Fighting the Klan,” The Progressive (July 1988), 14-16.
(6)	Ibid., 16.
(7)	Mark Pinsky, “Reflections on Joan Little," Columbia Journalism Review (March/April 1976), 30-31.
(8)	Ibid . 31-
(9)	Burlington Times News (Burlington, NC), July 30, 1975. See also Edgerton, 16.
(10)	Kelly Thornton, “Skinhead Reveals Betrayal of Movement Was All a Ploy,” San Diego Union-Tribune (San Diego, CA.). August 25, 2001. The Anti-Defamatioi League places the Confederate Battle I
(and the Celtic Cross) on its list of ra<
“hate” symbols. See “Hate On Displa \ M Visual Database of Extremist Symbol:
Logos and Tattoos,” at www.adl.org/ hate_symbols/ racist_confederate_flag. asp.
(11)	Ibid. See also “Suing Hate Groups: What the Law Center Has Accomplished,” The Montgomery Advertiser (Montgomery, AL.), February 15, 1994. and Southern \ Events, 7, i.l.
(12)	The appeals case is cited as Alabama Court of Civil Appeals CIV 2114 (1979), and can be found on the web at: www.zianet.com/wblase/endtimes/ dccsl.htm.
(13)	Ken Silvemcin, “The Church of Morris Decs: How the Southern Poverty Profits from Intolerance,” Harper’s Magazine (November 2000), 56.
(|4) See American Institute of Philanthropy, A IP Chanty Rating Cuide and Watchdog Report (Spring 1998) and
susequent issues.
(15) Cited by Ken Silverstcin, 54.
(17)	See the detailed article on this case, Dan Morse, “Center Made Millions Selling the Donald Case,” The Montgomery Advertiser (Montgomery, AL.), February 15,
(18)	See Dan Morse and Greg JafFe, “Rising Fortunes: Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center,” The Montgomery Advertiser, February 13-15 1994. The series ran over a period of three days, beginning with a Sunday front page spread. Among the various stories in the series are Morse and JafFe, “Charity of Riches,” on February 13; Morse and JafFe, “Critics Question $52 Million Reserve, Tactics of Wealthiest Civil Right Group,” February 13; JafFe, “Number of Charities soars. Overwhelming Regulators,” February 13; “Center Refuses Access to Financial, Board Records,” February 13; Morse, “Opportunist or Crusader?”, February 14; Morse, “Morris Decs Trades Cookbook for Law Book,” February 14; Morse and JafFe, “Dees Angers Civil Rights Leaders,” February 14; Morse, “Salesman Dees Prone to ‘Lapse into Hyperbole,’ Some Say,” February 14; Morse, “Critics: Center Fighting Shadows,” February 15; Morse, “Center Made Millions Selling the Donald Case,” February 15; Morse, “Center’s Klanwatch Tracks Rainbow of Hate Crimes,” February 15; Morse and JafFe, “Klan Focus Triggers Legal Staff Defections,” February 15; and “Suing Hate Groups: What the Center has Accomplished,” February 15.
(19)	Morse and JafFe, “Chariry of Riches," The Montgomery Advertiser, February 13,1994.
(20)	Morse, “Opportunist or Crusader," The Montgomery Advertiser, February 14, 1994. Mullin continues: "He fools so many people; he seems so committed. But he’s so dishonest...! never saw any examples of him doing something because he had a moral belief. He was simply doing things to see what he could get of them." (Morse, “Opportunist or Crusader," The Montgomery Advertiser, February 14.)
(21)	Silverstein, 56. A full discussion of the resignations and disputes with Dees' direction can be found in Morse and JafFe, “Klan Focus Triggers Legal Staff Defections,” The Montgomery Advertiser, February
(22)	The Birmingham News (Birmingham, AL.), February 17, 1994.
(23)	Morse and JafFe, “Charity of Riches,” The Montgomery Advertiser,
February 13, 1994.
(24)	Silverstein, 56.
(25)	Silverstein, 56, and Morse and JafFe, “Charity of Riches,” The Montgomery Advertiser, February 13, 1994.
(26)	Morse and JafFe, “Charity of Riches,” The Montgomery Advertiser,
February 13, 1994.
(27)	The Charlotte Observer (Charlotte, NC), October 10. 1996.
(28)	Andrea Stone, “Morris Dees: At the Center of the Racial Storm.” L'SA Today,
1-800- MY DIXIE www.scv.org
The Sons of Confederate veterans was founded in 1896 for the purpose of preserving end defending the history and principles of the South. It still serves today as a means for a gentleman to honor his Southern ancestry with memorial, historical and educational activities.
if you are a male descendant of an ancestor who fought tor the Confederacy, claim your heritage NOW with pride
25
Southern Mercury
July/August 2005
August 3, 19%, A-7.
(29)	Ibid.
(30)	Dick Foster, "10 Militias at Home in Colorado." Rocky Mountain Newt (Denver, CO.), September 6, 1995.
(31)	Laird Wilcox. T’’he Watchdogs: A Close Look at the Anti-Racist ‘Watchdog’ Groups” (Olathe. KS: Editorial Research Service), 53.
(32)	David Bresnahan, "FBI Spy 'Fronts’,* 1999 WorldNetDaily, statement by Greg Rampton, FBI special agent in charge of the Denver office.
(33)	David Martin, “White Power Outage,” Cleveland Scene (Cleveland, OH), March 7.2002.
(34)	Cited in Martin, “White Power Outage."
(35)	Silverstein, 55. See also the “Teaching Tolerance" web link on the SPLC web page.
(36)	See "Writing for Change" link at
www.tolerance.org/teach/cxpand/wfc/
wfc_sctnl_4html.
(37)	See the article “Center Launches Online Hate-Crime Training” in the Winter 2001 issue of the Intelligence Report, also see the link www.splcenter.org/intelligence project/ip-hatetraining.html.
(38)	See the recent issues of the Intelligence Report, previously cited, and the “Teaching Tolerance” web link for a list of all the new sins that now figure as verboten.
(39)	Quoted in “Southern Poverty Law Center Strategy to Destroy Judge Roy Moore,” Press Release, September 24, 2002, by the Christian Coalition of Alabama (John W. Giles, press spokesman).
(40)	Wilcox, 59-82.
(41)	Silverstein, 56.
(42)	See “Rebels with a Cause” and “The Neo-Confederates” in the Intelligence Report (Summer 2000).
(43)	See the segments on the SCV and UDC in “The Neo-Confederates," Intelligence Report (Summer 2000).
(44)	See “Hate in the Ranks,” Intelligence Report (Spring 2002), which lists approximately forty SCV members who are cited as belonging to “hate” group*, by the
SPLC.
(45)	The CBS Evening News fl lent, “Eye on America,” was aired on \
2002. See Jon Elliston, “Dueling The Independent (Durham, NC), Aug 1 -27, 2002, 12-13, and various letters • .ponse (“ Back Talk,” The Independent, A*, x 28-September 3, 2002, and “Back Tali- The Independent, September 4-10,2002;. See Dan Gearino, “A Thin Gray Line. The News and Observer (Raleigh, NC), Sunday Journal, 1D-4D, and letter to the editor responses to the article in The News and Observer, August 28 and September 1, 2002.
You Read
Review In This Issue!
Place Your Order Now!
Call M 1-800-380-1896
A Factual Look Behind The Legend
The first documentary video
Place Your Order
Today
1-80Q-38Q. 1 »96
26 Jujy/August 2003
Southern Mercury
southern
Viewpoints
HONEY, YOU KNOW ALL THAT PUCTTAPE YOU BOUGHT A FEW MONTHS AGO?...
'I


THE FLAG SHOULP COME POWN! BLAH
| WELL, I KNOW WHAT . WE CAN USE IT FOR ] ' NOW!!
28
July/AuguM 2003
Southern Mercu^