•The Enemy's Strategy -Jerry Patterson •Robert Lewis Dabney ‘And More!

PO Box 1496 Columbia, TN 38402 www.southernmercury.com
Publisher
Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief Frank B. Powell, III editor@southemmercury. com
Contributors
James Ronald Kennedy Frank Conner Dr. Boyd D. Cathey Dr. Timothy Wyatt John C. Perry Howard Ray White
Ann Rives Zappa
Advertising Representatives
Jack E. Marlar 2161 Greenpond Road Fountain Inn, SC 29644 864-862-3946
Skip Earle 701 Huffine Manor Circle Franklin, TN 37067 615-790-8682
Subscriptions
$28 per year for six issues.
Send to address above in the form of check or money order.
Southern Mercury is published bimonthly by the Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this magazine may be reproduced or transmitted without the written permission of the publisher. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained within; however, FPAC assumes no liability for accuracy or omissions. The opinions expressed by the authors of signed articles reflect the personal views of the writers and are not necessarily a statement of FPAC policy.
_______________from the
Editor
I hope everyone had a happy new year and is looking forward to a prosperous 2004. As you will read in this issue, the enemies of Southern culture and heritage don’t take a holiday. But we are happy to report that at least one of them is behind bars for some time to come.
We welcome Dr. Timothy Wyatt to our pages with this issue’s cover story on the Michael Peterson case. Peterson tried to use the race card and the Sons of Confederate Veterans logo license tag as part of his defense in his murder trial. It didn’t work and we have one less heritage-basher on the streets. A very interesting article I think you will enjoy reading.
Dr. Boyd Cathey returns to tell us about Robert Lewis Dabney and his fight against the “New South Creed” in the late 1800s. We were facing the same attacks on our culture then as we are now, by some of the same people.
Propaganda was not invented during World War II, but has been used against Christian Southerners since the 1830s. Frank Conner is back with an excellent piece on “The Enemy’s Strategy” that reveals just what we have been up against and the struggle we face in the future.
There is a rare politician in Texas, one that doesn’t deny his Southern heritage. We learn about Jerry Patterson, Commissioner of the General Land Office in Texas, in an article by John C. Perry. This is Mr. Perry’s first submission to our magazine, and I hope it’s not his last.
We start a five-part series about “How Abe Lincoln Incited War” by Howard Ray White. These are excerpts from Mr. White’s Bloodstains series, including coverage of the politics that drove the South into the War for Southern Independence.
As you can see, we are starting 2004 off with a bang. I hope you enjoy reading this issue as much as I enjoyed putting it together. Thanks for your support — and please tell a friend about the Southern Mercury.
Until then, I remain.
© 2004 FPAC, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief
our readers'
Opinions
Letters to the editor are welcome % love to hear from our readers, both^ and con. Please limit your remark u> 500 words or less. We will print a representative sample in each issue.
Keep up the good work with the Southern Mercury
To the Editor
I have just received and read our November I Vv cm k;r issue of Southern Mercury. We have a great publication here.
I read and enjoyed the letter to the editor from Jack Jacobs of Salisbury, NC, hut he had one mistake. The narrator at the Republican debate in Columbia, SC, was not Peter Jennings but was everyone’s pretty-hoy, Mr. Conceit himself, Brian Williams of NBC.
Keep up the great work with Southern Mercury.
Irvin Shuler Santee, SC
‘Just the guys with Confederate Flags on their pickup trucks'
To the Editor,
I just received my November/Dcccm-ber issue of Southern Mercury. 1 thoroughly enjoyed the article entitled “Howard Dean Meets the Tar Baby."
1 thought I would share this anecdote with /all,
Ai i he Sierra Vista, Arizona, Holiday Parade, held on December 6th. the entry of the Confederate Secret Service Gamp 1710 of the Sons of Confederate Veterans was placed in the line up )ust behind the Cochise County lienocrats. Iheac folks were loudly proclaiming their support of Mr. Dean for the office of President of these United States. As our mounted
color guard, carrying the Third National flag, the Arizona Division colors, the New Mexico Division colors, the Camp 1710 Battle Flag and the SCV flag took its place, the Democrats turned, looked sheepish and fell into silence. We told them, “Don’t worry about us — we’re just those guys with Confederate Flags on their pick-up trucks!” After a moment of stunned silence, the crowd, including the Democrats, broke out in applause and laughter. Mr. Dean’s whistle-stop visit to Sierra Vista a couple of weeks later was poorly attended.
Curt Tipton, Adjutant,
Confederate Secret Service Camp 1710, SCV, Sierra Vista, AZ
Genocide alive in todays America
To the Editor
What we have here is a failure to communicate! Yes, this phrase was taken from a movie, but it is what is happening today with the many cultures in America.
On one hand, we have the government and the politically correct promoting certain cultures and ethnic origins. With the other hand the same people, the government and politically correct are running down and destroying a culture and their ethnic origins by not allowing correct history — even to the point of hiding or sweeping under the rug their history. Destroying this culture, a culture that spawned lAmcrica, is a form of genocide.
The culture I am talking abou the Southern Cultu e. This culn. based on the founda ns of Chris? ity (heaven forbid H y that word the backbone of At rica. Regard.' of what the politic iv” correct to say or twist in wot i, we all are feting the same as our Southern Cult, and our forefathers of the South!
Take the issue of the Confeder; Battle Flag. What does it really star for? It stands for the soldiers—bbo Hispanic, white, Christian, Jr v, anc maybe others — of a country \ weeing themselves in battle agai i tk invasion of another count? , th. United States. This flag, based ni St. Andrews Cross, has a Ch riant origin, yet it had soldiers of difreren: religions fighting for it. How can those of today say it was a flag of hatred They can’t if they are truthful and at willing to communicate with others.
This flag of soldiers has been mak a flag of hatred by the many of todi who are unwilling to communicate This unwillingness is what truly is the problem.
The soldiers who fought unde this flag have the moral and politic! right to their flag being flown ovtt their graves. They also have the right to have their descendants allowed w display their flag in honor of the of their heritage.
What would you think if th> eteries of American soldiers in V were decorated with the flag u country they were buried in? 1 soldier could no longer have the and Stripes flown over his gnu


*
the
ut>
January/February 2004
Southern M

the French flag, German flag, Italian or Japanese flag flown instead, I don’t think it would go well.
Removing the Confederate Americans' flag is a desecration, and treating the descendants of those Confederate Americans as they are being treated today is a form of genocide!
Gary Ayres Stockton, MO
/4ufo "Detail
Brad Hill	Jason	Eddlemon
615-497-0096	615-294-5535
INDEPENDENCE COIN & STAMP, INC
Buying • Selling • Trading Appraisals
Jerry Austin, APS ANA 5622 E. Independence Blvd. Suite 119 Charlotte, NC 28212
704-537-8882
PACKAGING
Offering world-renowned brands including 3M, Signode, Bostitch, k Sealed-Air, Tesa, and L IPS products.
p	IPS is your
single source for out-of-this-world packaging supplies, equipment, and service.
1-800-277-7007 • FAX 1-888-744-9344 www.ipack.com • sales@ipack.com
WITH WAREHOUSE DISTRIBUTION CENTERS IN • GREENVILLE, SC • HIGH POINT, NC • RICHMOND, VA
PACKAGING
Southern Mercury
January/February 2004
\
By Frank Conner
We are at war. An ideological war is being waged systematically against the traditional Christian white South, to discredit everything we revere and to destroy us as a people. The reason for this war: our enemies are steadily persuading the American public to embrace socialism, but the traditional Southerners despise socialism and refuse to cooperate; therefore, we must be destroyed as a people and rendered impotent. Our enemies are various groups of ideological liberals who have been waging this ideological war against the white South since the 1830s. Their principal weapon has always been black civilrights; and now they are using black activists as their cats-paws.
The liberals overran the Souths main defenses during the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and outthought and outfought and intimidated and demoralized the white Southerners so badly then that most of our people reacted by pretending that this war is not even happening. Meanwhile, the liberals (who dominate the history profession and the news and entertainment media), have been telling the Southerners so many lies about our past and recent history that most Southerners now believe the South is in the moral wrong regarding the racial
issue. Consequendy, there has been little — if any — useful discussion of this ideological (or cultural) war as such in Southern-heritage circles, even though that war is the defining factor in the lives of all Southerners.
The liberals are winning their ideological war against us by default. But now some people in the Southern heritage movement have wakened up and seen the danger, and are anxious to fight back. However, before we can effectively defend our Confederate heritage and ourselves as a people by counterattacking the liberals, we need to know the precise nature of the ideological war that the liberals are waging against us.
The Nature of the Liberals’ Ideological War Against the South The liberals are fighting a propaganda war against us — either by lying outright about our history or by twisting and distorting it so badly that they might as well be lying outright. Their lies involve two main subjects: racial matters and the nature of the white Southerners. A vitally-important point to remember is that these lies deal not only with the Confederates but also with their children, grandchildren, and further descendants, right down to us. We conservative white Southerners arc all damned as being guilty of liberalism’s Original Sin (slavery/seg-regation/discrimination). And it is all
cury
of those lies added up which are tarring the white Southerners irredeemably as the epitome of evil in the eyes of the American public (including the Southerners).
The other key point here is that there is no official Ministry of Propaganda in the executive branch of the US government. That has two important ramifications. First, because there is no Ministry of Propaganda, the American people do not realize that they are being propagandized. Second, because there is no official organization to coordinate all of the liberal propaganda being disseminated, the liberals’ propaganda machine actually consists of virtually all of the individual employees of the motion picture, television, and newspaper industries, and the black civil rights activists, supported by virtually all of the social science professors, law professors, and administrators at America’s colleges and universities, most of the high school teachers, a majority of the judges, and a growing percentage of Protestant ministers. Therefore, most of the opinion-shapers in America are dedicated liberal propagandists; and each one is free to fit his own propaganda into the overall campaign precisely as he sees fit.
As the result, vast numbers of liberals can coordinate their propaganda attacks against us — and then follow them up with direct action — far bet-
§
Southern Mer
January/February 2004
m than thcv possibly could if the US had a Ministry of Propaganda. In con-wqucnct, America is propagandized tar more heavily and tar more effectively than has ever Seen the ease in any of the openly totalitarian countries. And most of it is aimed specifically at making the white South the whipping boy of America.
Hoar the Liberal Propaganda Works To Dotrai* Ui and Our Heritage liberal propagandists run several egories of psychological-*	>	against us, to attain
set: of conditions necessary for our destruction as a people. The first category is public image propaganda. to create a universal mindset in the United States which holds that white Southerners are and have always been vicious, rotten degenerates whose main purpose in life was/is to torment the blacks. This type of propaganda is run primarily in the national media, although it will be backed up by the regional media.
The second category — which builds upon the success of the first one — is national scapegoat propaganda. This propaganda blames the white Southerners of today for a variety of the nations current social ills, prompting the Congress to enact legislation discriminating against the white South and/or its heritage, and national institutions to adopt policies which discriminate against the white Southerners and their heritage.
In combination, the first two categories of propaganda are generally enough to convince the public including almost all of the white Southerners —- that the conservative white Southerners truly are vicious, rotten degenerates whose main purpose in life it u, torment the bUckaThc third cat-tmpty is Southern scapegoat propa------nnda. which then persuades the slate
legislatures and local governments in the Southern states to prohibit the public display of Confederate symbols and the public celebration of our Confederate heritage, and the denigration of the traditional white Southerners.
Although I describe these three categories as
stair-stepped activities, in real life they often overlap — partly because the public image propaganda requires a very long-term campaign to become effective. There are two important points to note about the general nature of the liberal propaganda being used against us. First, unless the public image propaganda has taken hold in the public mind, it becomes extremely difficult for the liberals to gain concrete results from their national scapegoat and Southern-scapegoat propaganda against us.l But (and this
mate Southern heritage org*r are organ ized to counter and■ public image propaganda |*j
^ ■ - • tQ attac£
I white <>, Whattli*. is that the ^ has no efr . defenses ^ I
any of the ^ als! propa^ so except fee* occasional hr*
ing action being fought here and k across the South, the liberals* steadily winning their ideological i| against the South.
Unless we learn how to crack k nut within the next few year the i erals will gain total victory ner the white South, and then it will i bear with. So let us now take ad< erlock at these weapons with which theb erals are killing us as a people
is the killer), once the public image propaganda has taken hold, it then becomes virtually impossible for us to deflect the national-scapegoat and Southern-scapegoat propaganda and their disastrous impact upon us and our cause. So the public image propaganda is really the key to the campaign.
Second, none of the legit i
6
January/! chruax
2004


Southern race relations, Hollywood-style
1 he Public Image Propaganda Roth Goebbels and Hitler understood that the movies were the most powerful form of propaganda available to them, because when people are reading advertisements or the news, they are aware that someone may be trying to propagandize them, so they raise their barriers of disbelief; but when they believe that they are merely being entertained by a work of fiction, they lower their barriers of disbelief and become susceptible to the propagandist’s message. Today the movies and entertainment TV remain the propagandists’ most powerful tools: the public forms many of its basic values while sitting in movie theaters and watching TV.
Probably 95% of the movers and shakers in the motion picture and television industries are dedicated liberals. Since the 1970s, the motion picture industry has embarked upon a deliberate campaign to demonize the white Southerners. They have made dozens — probably hundreds — of films about race relations in the South; but at the most, a handful of films about race relations in the North. The majority of these films are about the Southern civil rights movement of the 1950s/60s, and all of them carefully follow the liberal party line: the blacks and the white liberals are heroes; and the conservative white Southerners are villains. And 30 years of these hate-mongering films in theaters and as steady TV reruns have done far more to shape the terrible public image of the white Southerners than all of the newspaper headlines put together.
Screenwriters use shorthand to delineate character: put an unkempt guy in greasy jeans on a chopper, and you have an instant villain. Paint a Battle Hag on the gas tank, and the guy is a double villain. And by the way, the Southern badass with a Battle Hag
is strictly a Hollywood invention. Historically, the KKK has not carried Battle Flags; it is the Hollywood directors and the documentary filmmakers who have equipped their villains with Battle Flags so often as to create the public image of the Batde Flag as the exclusive property of Southern racists. The liberal news media reinforce that image with a bunch of flat-out lies about white supremacists and the flag; and then virtually the entire Southern heritage movement goes on the defensive: “The KKK are the only people who carry Battle Flags who are racists; WE’RE not racists!” And the liberals win.
The Public Broadcasting System steadily offers TV miniseries about race relations in the South, covering the period from the early 1800s to today. They’ll throw in a few examples of racial discrimination in the North to keep up the pretense < bal-\ ance, but m fact these mini .eries distort the mainstream history so badly as to constitute a paean of hatred against the white Southerners — all of the white Southerners from antebellum times right up to the present. We are all pronounced guilty of what Jesse Jackson and other civil rights activists blatantly refer to as Original Sin.
Ever since the 1960s, most of the history professors in the US have been Grainsci Marxists, anxious to create revisionist history that will destroy the existing society, beginning with the
white South. Since the 1960s they have written increasingly virulent books which argue that the South seceded solely to protect slavery; the South started and fought the “Civil War” to defend slavery; and the North fought the war to free the slaves. (A handful of writers such as Charles Adams, Thomas DiLorenzo, and I have written books to disprove their official history, but it is all of those Gramsci Marxist historians from the Ivy League universities — not us — who have the public’s attention. So whenever a black
activist wants to call our flag the Nazi swastika in public, academia stands right behind him, giving his pronouncements their official stamp of approval.
There are many other elements in liberalism’s current (40-year-long) national campaign to create a public image of the white Southerners as the scum of the earth, but the above named examples will make my point. Their campaign is succeeding brilliantly. The Southern heritage organizations don’t have the slightest clue
Continued on page 32
If “Todays white Southerners are solely responsible for all of the nations social ills.”
Southern Mercury
January/February 2004 — 7
Robert Lewis Dabnei
and the New South Creed
By Dr. Boyd D. Cathey
Most Southerners who
know anything of Robert Lewis Dabney (1820-1898) know hi m as the wartime chaplain of General “Stonewall” Jackson and the author of a classic biography of Jackson. Yet Dabney was perhaps the most eloquent defender of the Old South and the Confederate cause in the period after the War for Southern Independence.
In 1865 the South lay prostrate in defeat, its proudest traditions in tatters. The Old South that had provided direction to the American nation for much of its first seventy five years had been defeated on the battlefield by Yankee bayonets. The Northern Republicans had shredded the Constitutional system created by the Founding Fathers in 1787.
Tlirough Reconstruction policies and financial dominance they would seek to remake the defeated South in their own image. A new and progres-ivc South would arise in the 1870s and 1880s. It was Dabney’s role during those years, holding fast to the unshakeable principles of the American founders — many of whom were Southerners, to question the basic values of this new South.
Historian David H. Overby has said of Dabney that after the war he “possessed the shrillness of a scorned prophet.” And, indeed, it if true: Dabney rejected completely and
Photo Courtesy of Southern Partisan Magazine
caustically the new progressive — and what he considered “Yankeeized” — creed that was being accepted by so many of his fellow Southerners. “I am the Cassandra of Yankeedom,” he exclaimed late in his life in 1894, “predestined to prophesy truth and never to be believed until too late.” What were those evils of the new South creed that Dabney attacked? Industrialism, corporate monopoly, educational “reform,” and religious “liberalism”: these would be his targets. ()l course, these things had existed in the South long before the defeat in 1865, but prior to the war,
plantation agriculture had been the acknowledged king, and, as Dabney exclaimed, “the old ways in constia tional government, religion and educational instruction, handed down to us by our ancestors, dictated the direction of our commonwealth.” Defeat had given rise to strong doubts concerning the very basis for Southern society an. culture. The North apparent had proven the importance of an idus-trial society in the recent con ict. Many Southerners now echoed the view of former South Carolina planter Ben AJIston: “We must begin at the beginning. We must make a new start.”
The Birth of the New South Creed Already in the years immediately following the war at least one prominent Southern magazine advocated a reorientation of Southern society. DeBow’s Review of New Orleans had championed a policy of Southern nationalism and industrial development before the war. For editor J. P B. DeBow (1867), the war con firmed the necessity of leaving behind the old agrarian South have got to go to manufacturin
save ourselves__Every new hi lvV
or factory is a nucleus of a town which every needed service is su ^ come from the neighborhood or from abroad. Factories and works
8___January/February 2004
Southern Mm*
n


■■■



Henry W. Grady
established establish other factories ai:d works.”
DeBow was soon joined by other Southerners in recommending an economic cure for the problems of Confederate defeat: Edwin DeLeon in Harper’s magazine, Henry Watterson in his Louisville Courier Journal, and Bishop Atticus Haygood in his widely distributed sermons. But it was the young Henry W. Grady, editor of the Atlanta Constitution in the 1880s, who became the real prophet and symbol of the “new South” creed. Grady, from a unionist family, studied at South Carolina College and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (in New York!), working later in Northern iron mills. Paul Gaston in his volume. The New South Creed, says of Grady: “Commercial in its essence, young Grady’s world was built on bristle, energy, and shrewdness, and he experienced none of the genteel leisure allegedly characteristic of the planter class which had led his region into the war.”
As a chief prophet of the new creed, Grady was joined by two other individuals of almost equal importance — Richard Edmonds, editor of the Manufacturer's Record of Baltimore, and North Carolina publicist Walter Hines Page. For these “new” Southerners, Progress,
with a capital P, was the key to success for the prostrate South. The fate of the South was inextricably linked to the onrushing tide of industrialism. The South could offer the manufacturer natural resources and raw material, cheap labor, and favorable legislation. In turn, the manufacturer would bring jobs, diversification, and, above all, cash wealth. New railways, new businesses, and new (Northern) immigrants would stream south to take advantage of these opportunities. The South must show itself ready and eager for “progressive development” and Northern capital, Grady declared. The South would have to discard its conservative and patriarchal legacy when it conflicted with “modern ideas.”
For former Congressman James Phelan of Tennessee this meant not only rapid industrialization, but also such innovations as free public education. Other leaders, including Virginia superintendent of public instruction William H. Ruffner, strongly agreed, and initiated broad programs to transform Southern education. For them education was to become the base of a permanent prosperity. The child, educated at state (taxpayer) expense, would pay the state back later with his talents and expertise.
For the proponents of the new South creed there was literally no place (except perhaps in sentimental novels) for “the antebellum ideal of the leisured gentleman who scorned manual labor.” He was, as Paul Gaston states paraphrasing Grady, a “relic that has no place in the new age.” And to confirm the moral superiority of the new commercial man, even religion lent its blessings. Episcopal Bishop William Lawrence of Massachusetts echoed a widely
held sentiment when he proclaimed: “In the long run, it is only to men of morality that wealth comes. Godliness is in league with riches.... Material prosperity is helping to make the national character sweeter, unselfish, more Christ like.” To which a perceptive Mark Twain, in his remarks on these proponents of the “new South” creed, commented: “Brisk men, energetic of movement and speech; the dollar their god, how to get it their religion.”
Robert Lewis Dabney:
His Early Years Moral uncertainties never afflicted Robert Lewis Dabney. And why should they? He had been reared in a staunchly Calvinist Presbyterian home in Louisa County, Virginia. Born of aristocratic Piedmont parents in 1820, Dabney never lost a keen sense of social hierarchy. As a student at Hampden-Sydney College and the University of Virginia in the early 1840s, he was, according to Virginia historian Francis Buffer Simkins,
“the Virginia gentleman par excellence, who did not let righteousness interfere with exquisite manners in the presence of ladies.” Ordained and licensed to preach by the Union Theological Seminary then on the Hampden-Sydney campus, Dabney
Stonewall Jackson
Southern Mercury
january/February 2004 — 9
led an active life « • pastorin t,lc Shenandoah Valiev before the war. His prominence as a minister and thinker brought him back to Union in the 1850s» where his influence as a teacher became profound. During the war he served as chaplain to “Stonewall’4 Jackson, and it is through his eloquent biography of that famous commander that he became known throughout the South and the union.
In 1867 Dabney published his famous A Defense of Virginia [and Through Her, of the South], which may be counted one of the most unreconstructed apologies produced in defense of the old South. His arguments in A Defense of Virginia were brilliantly made, and over the next twenty-five years he would develop and extend them into a comprehensive critique of the new South creed. It was if he were still riding at “Stonewall” Jacksons side. Bur Dabneys ride in the post-war period would be a lonely one. Only a small group of mostly Presbyterian divines would accompany him in his critique of the new South creed.
The attacks Dabney made were part of a larger vision. As his biographer Thomas Cary Johnson has pointed out, Dabney “was a servant of God first and primarily." Preaching, teaching, and writing tomes of theology and philosophy were his major concerns. His volumes Practical Philosophy and Sensualistic Philosophy of the Nineteenth Century and his membership in the Royal Philosophical Society of Great Britain attest to his expertise and fame. In 1883, finding Union 1 Ideological Seminary too liberal for him, Dabney moved to lexas, where assumed the chair of Mental and Moral Philosophy at the University of lexas.
10 — january/hebruary 2004
Industrialism, Monopoly, Oligarchy Dabney actually first attacked the growth of industrialism in the South in 1868. But it was in 1882, at Hampdcn-Sydney, that he first gave a developed overview of his thoughts on the topic. In this prepared speech, “The New South,” Dabney methodically dissected and critiqued the ideas of Grady and his followers. He began by restating his firmly held belief in state sovereignty, strict Constitutional construction, and natural social hierarchy. “But this century had seen all this reversed,” he exclaimed, “not because the old forms were not good enough for this day, but because they were too good for it.”
Striking directly at the heart of the new South doctrines, Dabney warned that the chief temptation confronting the South was “to become like the conquerors.” Many of the Souths leaders seemed bent on converting the cities below the Potomac to miniature Pittsburghs — modern industrial behemoths. For Dabney the South would have to be extremely careful not to make acquisition its god, not to sacrifice its heritage for the Yankee spirit that, said Dabney, was “like the tawdry pyrotechnics of some popular feast, burning out its own splendors into ashes, darkness and the villainous stench of brimstone.” No, the South
must strive to retain “all rhar „
. ... , , true or ennobling in its pr/ncip^
For Dabney the defeat and rum,
away from these principles in
had as a result the rise of three
“adverse conditions.”
First, the existence of true God
given human rights had been dis-
torted by egalitarianism. There was
no such thing as “eqi -lity,” Dabney
repeated, and to attei pt to imp*
it was to violate the !R vs of God and !
nature. The effects o uch efforts
were disastrous to soc ety.
The second adverse condition Dabney attacked was the growth of financial oligarchy. Here Dabney drew a comparison between the United States in 1789 and in 1881 In the former year no one city, no one or two states, no handful of corporate giants controlled the nation s wealth. But in 1882 N w York City had become “the cor roex-cial mistress” of the whole natii i, and a handful of industrial Barr is dictated policies to presidents, sked Dabney: “Can a sensible man persuade himself that political independence and individual initiative can remain in a land where financial despotism has become established?”
Dabney continued: the transferal of wealth and power into the hands of a few and “the marvelous applications of science and mechanic art to cheapen transportation and production” were causing not just the transformation of the South, but i massive change in society nation wide. Centralization and monopolization in industry meant a vast reorientation in manufacturing, v ith significant effects socially and culturally. What happened to iiu pendent small businessmen and craftsmen now overwhelmed by monopolies, mergers, and crushing
Southern \/*n“’k
competition? When capital was controlled by the few and the powerful barons of industry who could command the masses at their bidding, individual liberty soon disappeared.
This brought Dabney to his third adverse condition, the destruction of true republican government and the establishment of a political oligarchy controlled by the financial oligarchy.
In the old pre-war South most states had some sort of suffrage requirement, usually a freehold requirement, which meant that only men who had a real interest in society (usually property) could vote. These requirements had been wisely included in the constitutions of the original states by their founders. Post-war Reconstruction constitutions did away with these in the name of “democracy.” But the destruction of suffrage requirements did not bring victory for “democracy.” Rather, James Madisons ideal of a representative and tiered government of merit and substance was perverted. On-the-make politicians could now make all sorts of promises to the masses without the old safeguards to protect the system from serious abuse and corruption. Concentrated wealth provided almost unlimited opportunity for a powerful few to sway and manipulate the public. In post-war America it was but an easy step to observe that the oligarchies of wealth would now control politics as well. “Is it Washington or Wall Street,” exclaimed Dabney, “which really dictates what platforms (of the political parties] shall be set forth, and what candidates shall be elected, and what appointments shall be made? For certain it is not the people of the states.”
Dabney in Texas At the University of Texas Dabney extended his critique of the “new South” creed. Perhaps his most significant essay of his later career was The Philosophy Regulating Private Corporations, in which he closely examined the whole idea of incorporating modern and national (and international) super-businesses. A modern corporation was “an artificial person, created by the law, usually of many individuals, and clothed by its charter with certain rights of personality, and with a continuity of existence outlasting the natural life of each of its members.” Private corporations once in the years before the war had been “the only expedient of the weak as against the strong.” But now, said Dabney, it was “too often the partial and usurping artifice of equals against their fellows — of the strong against the weak.” “Thus a new aristocracy, armed by law with
class privileges and powers more odious than feudal” was the result. Such manipulation was wrong, “a flagrant natural injustice” to the public, and especially to “the honest working man.” Who could fail to see the error of the “ill-advised species of legislation” that permitted all shades of corruption in chartering such establishments? State legislatures, both North and South, seemed “to meet mainly to register the edicts of railroad presidents and coal barons,” Dabney continued.
Perhaps worst of all was the corrosive influence that corporations had on the virtue of the citizens, on families, and on independent small businessmen. The new giants of industry and commerce undermined “the domestic and personal independence of the yeomanry,” many of whom were driven off their farms in desperation to look for work in th' bustling new cities of the South. T man of the country did not want be a part of “the multitudinous mr proletariat, dependent on the corp ration for his work, his wages, his cottage, his kitchen garden, and the privilege of buying the provisions for his family.” Yet that was precisely what was happening. Such a condition was incompatible with the principles of true republicanism.
In 1891-1892 Dabney authored two more essays, The Labor Union, the Strike and the Commune and The Depression of American Farming Interests. Dabney disliked and distrusted unions and strikes. To him they were “a forcible attempt to invade and dominate the legitimate influence of the universal law of supply and demand. This law instructs us that generally the relation of supply to demand in any commodity must regulate its price." On the other hand, Dabney was
cury
Southern Men
January/February 2004 — 11
"not oblivious to the plea that skilled labor is entitled to higher remuneration." It was true that many working men did not get a fair shake from their employers, especially the new monopolistic corporations, and there were other groups of Americans, notably farmers, who received even less consideration in the new economy.
The growth of Populism disturbed Dabney, not because he was unsympathetic to the plight of American farmers, but for the very reasons that appeared so attractive to many: a single-minded approach to issues. In a letter to his son Charles • in 1894, Dabney expressed his dismay that “the whole Southern Democracy, mislead by a parcel of shysters and demagogues...have gone mad after this free silver nonsense." Silver currency was not the cure to the nations problems; the issues were more complex. For one thing, the economy had become unbalanced by the over expanding weight of monopolies which violated the law of supply and demand. The burden of rural taxation — a “crushing weight” — was grossly unfair.
The “protective system” effectively cushioned the “monopoly rings and combinations” from the check of local and home competition. On this point Dabney did share views in common with many Populists: he strongly supported the repeal of all class legislation and laws unfairly favoring monopoly corporations at the expense of small entrepreneurs.
Dabney and Education When he was not excoriating the financial capitalist doctrines of the ' new South” creed, Dabney made periodic assaults on other new ideas. His running debate with Virginias first superintendent of public in-
struction, William H. Ruffncr, over state-supported schools, is a case in point. Dabney began the controversy with his February, 1876, article,
“The Negro and the Common School,” in Planter and Farmer magazine, in which he clearly stated his opposition to the “Yankee theory” of free public education, especially for freedmen. For him the former slaves were in a real sense wards of the South to be guided slowly and paternally through difficult years of adjustment. To promise the Negro immediate rights and an education that could never be his was wrong and insensible; only through an extended period of tutelage would the Negro advance in Southern society.
In four successive articles published in the Richmond Enquirer Dabney attacked Virginia’s plan for free public education as elaborated by superintendent Ruffncr. General
and free education sought foin^ an unnatural equality on all, he insisted. “Providence, social la*, and parental virtues and efforts, 4 inevitably legislate in favor of so^ classes of boys,” he declared. “IfjL State undertakes to countervail ^ legislation of nature by leveling action, the attempt is wicked, mischievous, and futile.” Indeed, 'Dabney questioned “whether the* merely of letters is not education, but only one means of education, and not the only means.” True education involved more than simply the use of letters. The laboring classes had traditionally found education through their various professions, a training of the “moral virtues by the fidelity and endurance” with which they earned t; eir livelihood. The laboring man “ >
looking up to the superior who employs him. If to these influer; es you add the awakening, elevating, expanding force of Christian principles, you have given the laborer a true education...a hundred fold more true, more suitable, more useful, than the communication of certain literary arts, which he will almost necessarily disuse.”
Mentioning the distinct danger of the new public schools being used by “demagogues, who are in power for a time, in the interests of their faction,” Dabney moved on to his most telling indictment of public education: what happens to religious instruction if the state takes over He teaching of children? Given the status of post war relations betwe*1 church and state and the changin constitutional interpretations, tlu state could not endorse one religk belief over another. State-sponsoro education tended to become secuh1' ized. But if education were not
ROBERT LEWIS IMENRY, D. U., LL. D.
Proa a photograph taken in lift.
Photo Courtesy of Southern Partisan Magazine nobles his taste and sentiments y
Southern Men**?
Christian, then it would inevitably become anti-Christian. “He that is not with his God is against Him,” Dabney repeated. Could education really be education if it educated “the mind without purifying the heart?” Dabney answered: “There can be no true education without moral culture, and no true moral culture without Christianity.” All basic issues in life were at their core religious and ethical issues. To ignore this was to invite trouble.
Dabney felt that the Virginia school system should be reformed “back towards the system of our fathers just as fast as possible.” The old system — one of semi-private and private institutions, many controlled by families or local interests — was much preferable to the new one. It would be economical, avoiding unnecessary taxation. It would solve the problem of religion in the schools by “leaving the school as the creature of the parents, and
not of the state__This old system
evinced its wisdom by avoiding the pagan, Spartan theory, which makes the State the parent. It left the parent supreme in his God-given sphere, as the responsible party for providing and directing the education of his own offspring.”
Dabney and the Future of the South
When it came to suggesting remedies for the problems he saw implicit in the “new South” creed, Dabney held to those old visions of the Jeffersonian and Calhounian republic. Solutions lay with a “firm and just administration of the laws, coupled with wise and equitable commercial and industrial legislation and the propagation of industry ... economy and contentment among the people by means of Christian
\ury
G. K. Chesteron
principles.”
In his time Dabneys remedies appeared outdated to his contemporaries even before he presented them. Yet the themes he kept alive have resonated throughout the subsequent history of the South. Only thirty years after his death, in the midst of the worst depression in American (and Southern) history, twelve prominent Southern writers — the Southern Agrarians — came together to produce the volume I’ll Take My Stand, a call for the South to reassert its traditions, its culture, and its distinctive economy, strikingly echoing Dabney in a number of ways. Contemporaneously in England, Catholic essayists G. K. Chesteron and Hilaire Belloc developed a similar approach, Distributivism, advocating economic and political decentralization, regionalism, a return to the land, and a renewed emphasis on community, family, and church. Both Agrarians and Distributivists contributed in the 1930s to the journal The American Review, and subsequent essays appeared in two seminal volumes: Who Owns America? and Attack on the Leviathan. Despite efforts to translate these ideas into
action, the South headed in an opposite direction.
In recent years Southerners (and other Americans) have begun to rediscover Robert Lewis Dabney. In our age of faceless and rootless international corporations that owe no allegiance to locality or community — in our age when only money and power seem to sway politicians — in our age where hidden elites and “inside-the-beltway” think tanks preside over what was once a republic — in this age Dabney has much to say.
In his fiery essays Dabney makes few concrete suggestions for reform. Nevertheless, his analysis — now after the sordid history of the twentieth century — strikes one as prophetic and on target. For those who give up their heritage and their principles, Dabney has a warning: you forfeit your birthright at your own peril. For those willing to fight for their beliefs, however forlorn the cause may seem to be, Dabney offers encouragement. For him, to quote Southern writer James Branch Cabell, “history is not a matter of record; it is a matter of faith.”
Dr. Boyd D. Cathey, a Tar Heel native, holds a master’s degree in American intellectual history (Old South) from the University of Virginia, where he was a Thomas Jefferson Fellow, and earned a doctorate in European history and political philosophy from the University of 'Navarra, in Pamplona, Spain. He has taught history in the United States and in Argentina, and is the author of two books and numerous articles on historical, political, and literary topics published in English, Spanish, and French publications.
Southern Men
I anuary/February 2004	13
in the Anti-Confederate Ra nk$
The Case of Michael Peterson
THE NEWSPAPERMAN
In 1997, novelist Michael Peterson took a job as a weekly newspaper columnist for the Durham (NC) Herald-Sun. Peterson and his wife Kathleen had recently purchased the John Buchanan House, one of Durham’s most expensive homes and a featured stop on the Durham Historic Preservation Society’s annual tour of homes. However, Peterson was between novels and his income had stagnated. He was unable to afford to heat the house in winter or cool it in the summer.
Presumably in need of a stable income before his next novel was published, Peterson agreed to write a weekly column. The focus of his column was quite often on race relations, and Peterson found most of his material in the Durham City Council, police department, and school board. Occasionally, he would examine statewide issues. On December 30, 1998, the Sons of Confederate Veterans won a lawsuit against the State of North Carolina in order to receive personalized license plates bearing the Confcder-
By Dr. Timothy Wyatt
ate Battle Flag. This would soon provide Peterson with material for another column.
Peterson’s writing technique borrowed heavily from his background as a novelist. He would often invent characters, some obviously fictional, others less so. Peterson would present opinions through the mouths of these characters, and leave it up to the reader to decide which of the opinions belonged to Peterson himself. Often Peterson would engage himself in conversation, allowing the fictional character to argue one side of an issue and himself to argue the other. Other times, the fictional character would “write” the column while Peterson was on “vacation.”
On July 23, 1999, Peterson allowed most of his column to be “written” by an unnamed individual. This person relayed that he had supposedly “pulled up behind a large, black Chevrolet pickup at a stop sign and noticed the personalized license plate with the Confederate Battle Hag,” an obvious reference to an SCV license plate. The unnamed individual continued:
“Now, while that flag has a less-than-favorable symbolism to many people, this is the South and a free country, so I was not too bothere .
“After following the truck d< vn Cole Mill Road ... I caught up to im
at a stoplight___Imagine my surp: se,
shock and finally disgust to see this scofflaw was a Durham police officer in full uniform!
“I was terribly shocked, but I imagine not nearly so much as I would have been had I been African-American. We talk about how racism has faded in our community, and yet one of those who we trust to ignore such differences is openly showing a symbol that to many denotes the worst of that evil —
“I know many dedicated police officers and sheriff’s deputies in Durham and I have never seen or heard of such a blatant disregard ot standards among those fine men and women. While I fully defend the right of an individual to display wh i they want, the nature of this mam job, and the fact that he was in uniform, would seem to me to exceed those rights and privileges. “Does he park this truck at the
14 January/J'cbruary 2004
Southern Mtnwy
police station where visitors can sec that license plate?"
Peterson offered no comment to these remarks, at least none that could be attributed to him directly, leaving the reader to wonder: What was the point? Why did it matter where the officer parked his truck? What jobs would it be appropriate to hold if one wanted to have an SCV license plate? What evil did the symbol on the plate represent? And what was Petersons opinion of the whole situation?
The following week, Peterson wrote that the opinions expressed by the unattributed writer were unapologetically his own. He claimed to “find an evil e-mail on my computer calling me the worst kind of bigot because I had questioned the appropriateness of a cop who displayed the Confederate Flag on his car. The e-mail accused me of poisoning public opinion with my writings, which were, of course, nothing but garbage— It doesn’t matter. I’m not changing. And I’m not apologizing for that.”
As it turned out, that would be Peterson’s last Friday column for the Herald-Sun. The following week, his column was replaced by a paid political advertisement announcing that Michael Peterson was a candidate for Mayor of Durham.
THE LAWYER Four years later, Michael Peterson is on trial in Durham for the murder of his wife, Kathleen. And his Confederate Flag column is again the subject of controversy. On July 11,2003, defense attorney David Rudolf attempted to make the case that the Durham police wanted to get revenge on Peterson for the Confederate Flag column.
Although Rudolf’s accusations
were broadcast live on Court TV, most mainstream news sources failed to report it. The Raleigh News & Observer reported only that Peterson’s “early shots at the police included raising questions about ... a cop with a Confederate Flag on his personal vehicle.” However, the website http://www.misfitting.com, which is run by Loretta Serrano of Cleveland, OH, reported Rudolf’s allegation that police “focused on” Peterson as a suspect because Peterson had written about an “offduty police officer riding around with Confederate Flag in back.” Serrano wrote, “The Confederate Flag issue will be ignored. ... It is meaningless. They live in the South, for crying out loud, and know the rednecks fly Confederate Flags. ... Sorry, just the reality. I lived in North Carolina, and I know they are still very elitist down there.”
What Serrano apparently failed to realize, and what mainstream newspapers may have been covering up, was that Rudolf undoubtedly hoped to use the Confederate Flag issue to stir up anti-police racial animosity from the majority-black ists. The jury is composed of nine black residents and three white residents of Durham. None of these are white males. The judge, Orlando Hudson, is black.
Rudolf is no stranger to playing the race card in high-profile murder trials. In 2000, he defended Charlotte Panthers wide receiver Rae Carruth on the charge of murdering his girlfriend. During jury selection for that trial, Rudolf argued that Judge Charles Lamm unfairly excluded black jurors in order to bias the case against Carruth.
Also in 2000, it was reported that Rudolf sat in the front row for a speech in Charlotte, NC, by former
boxer Rubin “Hurricane” Carter. According to the Charlotte Observer, Carter’s presentation to Rudolf consisted of “kicking an imaginary Confederate Flag and waving the legal document that finally won him freedom.”
THE SOUTH-HATER Peterson’s columns in the Herald-Sun displayed a tremendous antipathy for the South and its institutions. Exacdy one year before his Confederate Flag column, Peterson wrote about his embarrassment at having to tell his California family about his home: “When I remind them that I actually live in the South, they shake their heads in greater amazement. We saw the movie, they say — Gone With the Wind. No, no, I answer; it’s not like that at all, but they just roll their eyes. Out West, the South has a reputation for ignorance.”
Peterson did nothing to improve that reputation. One of the most prominent recurring characters in his columns was “Bubba Buttkiss,” a stereotypical rural Southerner who ate pork rinds, lived in a doublewide trailer, made racially insensitive statements, and thought that the biggest problem facing North Carolina was “pignapping.”
Peterson would use “Bubba” as a vehicle to speak the minds of the “redneck” portion of North Carolina (presumably whenever he was unable to actually find a real person to make the statements).
In one of his schizophrenic conversations, Peterson plied “Bubba” with pork rinds and beer before asking him a question about slavery. The fictional redneck answered, “1 don’t know anybody who was a slave. Do you? ... You need to talk to all those blacks who have a
Southern Menury
January/February 2004 — 15
stereotype that all whites were slaveholders and in the KKK when most of our families weren't even here.
They need to learn most of us didn’t have anything to do with slavery." Despite the fact that "Bubba" presented a valid argument, if Peterson had actually intended the average reader to be persuaded by these comments, he would have had them be “spoken" by a more appealing character.
At least one reader was “compelled to write in protest" about the offensive character. Mesa Somer wrote the Herald-Sun that the “stupid 'Bubba* character would lead any normal reader to expect a certain4 familiar, predictable, knee-jerk (emphasis on jerk) redneck mental-
m fa	0**"**00~~
icy.	\ -. - . :	.
Another recurring character that Peterson used in his columns was “Mary Doodle Duke, the mayonnaise heiress,V an obvious takeoff of Mary Duke Biddle, heiress to the Duke tobacco fortune and granddaughter of Confederate veteran Washington Duke. Even in her old age, Biddle was an active cultural and historic preservationist {the Confederate sheet music collection is housed in the Mary^Duke Biddle room at Duke University).
Peterson used his fictional “Mary Doodle Duke” character to represent the upper class of Old South society. “Mary Doodle” was an elderly, ditzy Southern belle who was constantly involved in meaningless political causes and was always portrayed as shallow and self-absorbed. A typical “Mary Doodle” quote: “Why, I probably couldn’t get into any of my old debutante dresses. Well, actually 1 can. 1 still fit perfectly.”
Minority characters were not presented in such a derogatory manner. ( )ne of Peterson’s favorite
characters was “Lashon Monteel,” a black man. “Lashon” was able to make statements that Peterson, due to his white skin, could not credibly make. These included “Tell me what black people ever did to whites that make you hate us so much. Whites brought blacks here in chains. Blacks never did a single thing to harm whites. So why do whites hate blacks? And don’t say they don’t.
Forget the lynchings and burnings and police brutalities .... There will never be good race relations if whites can’t answer those questions.”
And another: “Blacks distrust whites. With good reason, too — slavery, then another hundred years of discrimination that goes on today— But to understand how bad it is, you have to be black — you have to live it every moment of your life. A white can’t understand because nobody ever discriminated against one — not for a minute, let alone their whole life.”
These outrageous statements, if actually written by a black columnist-would provoke negative Section 1 from readers and'Overwhelming amounts of protest mail, even in todays pdfftically correct climate.
But Peterson’s technique of ascribing these opinions to a faceless, fictional character served to insulate him from such deserving condemnation.
Another character that Peterson introduced to insult Southerners was “Bobby,” a gay real estate agent. Peterson once quoted “Bobby” as follows: “Magnolia trees are God’s curse on Southerners. Southerners are the laziest people in the world, and God gave us the busiest tree in creation.” Peterson later claimed to be appalled that “Bobby” signed him up to he the judge of a gay talent competition.
It’s doubtful that Peterson would
1
really have been offended by such proposition. On August 1 1,2003. gay prostitute Brent Wolgamutr testified that Peterson had solicited him via e-mail in the months imm? diately prior to Kathleen Petcrsoni death. The prosecution also presented evidence that Peterson had visited thousands of gay pornography websites in this tin ?e period.
This certainly hurt the redibility of the defense s opening *ument about the loving relat ship between Michael and Ka leen.
As a columnist, M . hael Peterson insulted the South’s in dtutions.
Once, he claimed that he “borrowed my friend J EB Stuart IV’s membership card” in order to get into an exclusive Durham country dub for lunch. He claimed that the menu included such items as the “Dix;
Plate” and the “Uncle Remus Ri np Roast.” He went on to critkize t e fact that the only blacks at the cl b worked in the kitchen, and this was evidence that “whites hate blacks, i Hejpoked fun at North .Carolina’s history'as a slavehotding state: “You know, just yesterday 1 went downtown to buy some Negroes, but darned if they hadn’t closed the slave market 130 years ago.” However, when it suited his argument, he claimed that institutionalized discrimination was much more recent.
Once, in attempting to explain the relatively poor academic performance of black students, Peterson admitted that there was a correlation between academic performance and parental involvement in the scln> Is. However, rather than blame hlac parents for their lack of involves nt Peterson shifted this blame to institutional racism. Many black parents, he wrote, “had had scho< experiences — schools are not
Southern Men*
friendly places for them; many went to segregated high schools — in Durham, schools were integrated only 25 years ago."
When Trent Lott was criticized in December 2002 for suggesting that the country should have elected SCV member Strom Thurmond to the office of President in 1948, many news sources reported that Lott had played a role in keeping his fraternity, Sigma Nu, segregated in 1964. Peterson was president of the Duke University chapter of Sigma Nu in 1964 and was its delegate to the national convention. He claimed that he voted in favor of integration: “It was just this very simple matter that it was wrong to exclude people.” He also claimed that delegates from Mississippi, in a veiled reference to Lott, were “making fon of him” for his stance.
HIS HONOR
Most people outside of North Carolina know of Durham only as the second half of “Raleigh-Durham,” a chamber of commerce pipe dream of a hyphenated major metropolitan area. The reality is very different. Raleigh was chartered in 1792 and is one of the oldest state capital cities in the country.
Durham, on the other hand, was officially incorporated by the Reconstruction government in 1869. It had been the site of the largest surrender of Confederate troops in April 1865. Its city logo prominently bears the date 1869 as a symbol of its Reconstruction origins. Durham is approximately 50% black.
This is the political venue into which Michael Peterson inserted himself in 1999. He had spent the past three years courting the city’s black voters with subtle newspaper attacks on North Carolina’s tradi-
tional Southern culture. Now, as a mayoral candidate, he began to overtly court the black voting bloc. On the first Friday after he announced his candidacy, the Herald-Sun printed not his usual Friday column but a political advertisement paid for by Peterson himself. In this ad, Peterson wrote, “My position on the city’s most important issue — race: I WILL MEET WITH ANYONE, ANY TIME, ANY PLACE TO IMPROVE RACIAL RELATIONS IN DURHAM” [emphasis in original].
However, his campaign hit a major roadblock when it was discovered that Peterson had lied about his experiences in Vietnam. Peterson had claimed that he received two Purple Hearts in Vietnam, one for being hit by shrapnel in a landmine accident, and one for being shot. When an examination of his military records failed to produce any evidence of those awards, Peterson admitted that his injuries were actually sustained in a traffic accident while stationed in Japan in 1970. Prominent supporters, including local television news anchor Larry Stogner, immediately began distancing themselves from Peterson and publicly denying any endorsement of his campaign.
His campaign for mayor effectively over, and unable to return to his job at the Herald-Sun, Peterson started a website: http:// www.hizzoner.com/. The plan would be for “His Honor” to serve as a sort of “virtual mayor,” continuing to criticize the Durham police, city council and school board, and continue to criticize traditional Southerners.
On January 18, 2000, in the midst of the controversy over the Confederate Flag flying over the
South Carolina statehouse, one reader wrote the website to criticize the black leadership. “Rather than attacking inanimate objects like the Confederate Flag,” wrote Debrah Corrcll, “the marching should be done at home. ‘March’ for responsibility and accountability in order to claim the rights that go along with being an adult in this world.” Peterson responded in defense of the black activists, who he said “have a right to be wary. Its a protective reaction which lasts a long, long time.... Healing is a slow process, often interrupted by renewed anger over the cause of the injury.” In other words, the NAACP had every reason to protest the Confederate Flag, and for an indeterminate period of time, because of discrimination against black people in the past.
THE MURDERS
On Saturday night, December 8, 2001, Michael Peterson and his wife Kathleen had attended a Christmas party for the staff of the Durham Independent, a far-left weekly newspaper. (If his columns weren’t enough, the fact that the Petersons were at this party speaks volumes about Peterson’s political bent. At the time, the Independent staff was working on a major cover story on a supposed “split” in the North Carolina Division, Sons of Confederate Veterans. The story, which was published one month later, accused the SCV of transforming itself into a racist organization.)
Sometime after the party, lace Saturday night or early Sunday morning, Kathleen Peterson died. The original conclusion was that she was intoxicated from the party and
Continued on page 34
Southern Mercury
I anuary/February 2004
17
Jerry Patterson:
An All Too Rare Politician
Patterson poses with a painting that hangs prominently in his office. The painting is by an unknown artist
Texan Serves His State And Honors His Heritage
By John C. Perry
Although he never met the man, his great-grandfather who was a Confederate veteran, had a strong impact on the man who currently serves as one of the State of Texas’ most important statewide elected officials. Why did he enter politics? Seems he took after his great-grandfather who “was so ornery that he would float upstream.” When it came to political issues he also got so “ornery” and “exercised" that he decided to make a difference and run for office.
Jerry Patterson is that “exercised" 57-year-old Commissioner of the General Land Office in Texas. He is a proud member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, a former Marine with service in Vietnam — one who earned his wings and flew Phantom F4s and is a former state senator. He oversees nearly 600 people as the Texas Land Commissioner, and his office oversees 20.3 million acres of state lands including the beaches, bays and submerged lands out to 10.3 miles in the Gulf of Mexico.
Patterson is a native iexan, born in Houston. He attended liexas
A&M University, graduating with a degree in history in 1969. While at Texas A&M he was in the Marine Corps Reserve and upon graduation was commissioned an officer of Marines. He served in various stateside assignments, including one stint at Quantico, Virginia, where he received training by then-1st Lieutenant Oliver North, who was then 2nd Lieutenant Pattersons “ambush instructor.”
The young Patterson volunteered for duty in Vietnam as the war was winding down in 1972. He served as an intelligence officer and worked as a liaison with the South Vietnamese Marines. He left Vietnam on the official day of the cease-fire. Upon returning to the states, Patterson
responded to a lifelong interest in flying. His dad flew B-24s during World War II, and following in his fathers footsteps, Jerry began flight school training in Pensacola, Florida. He earned his naval wings in 1974. He was trained to fly the F4 Phantom and was part of a Marine Fighter Attack Squadron. He later served as an instructor for F4s.
In 1980 he left active duty but continued to serve his country in th< active reserve. In 1991 Patterson wa-' promoted to lieutenant colonel. Th call of politics was strong, and in 1993 he retired from the reserve when he was elected to the Texas Senate. Patterson served six years>» the senate, representing the 11th district, which included parts of
Southern A/rn*»M
Photograph of Commissioner Patterson's great-grandparents, Jan Monroe Cole and his wife Alcy Coi taken about 1917. Mr. Cole served i the 12th Louisiana Infantry.
Harris. Galveston and Brazoria counties.
He is perhaps best known for legislation he authored in 1995, the Texas Concealed Handgun law, which was overwhelmingly passed into law. The bill was not without controversy, and Patterson soon found himself on national radio and television talk shows. He has appeared on the Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, and he had a historic debate with liberal Molly Ivins on ABC’s Nightline.
Patterson enacted over 100 bills during his tenure in the Texas Senate. One particular piece of legislation was very special to him.
His “ornery” great-grandfather on his mothers side was James Monroe Cole who served in the 12th Louisiana Infantry. After the war Cole came to Texas and ended up in the Confederate Soldier’s Home in Austin before he died in 1919. It was Pattersons bill, passed in 1997, which re-established veterans’ homes in the state for the first time since the old Confederate Soldiers I '.me was closed. When the bill was l-r>ally passed, Patterson was on the Scr floor with two photographs, one of his Confederate great-grandiau.^r and the other a photograph of the Austin Confederate Soldiers’ home.
Patterson has been unabashedly proud of his Confederate heritage.
He campaigned statewide for the Land Commissioner position with a First National Flag proudly on display on his vehicle. One of the first things one notices when you enter his office on the eighth floor of the Stephen F. Austin Building in Austin is a painting by an unknown painter of Confederate soldiers routing a group of federals. I he centerpiece of the painting is a Confederate Battle Flag. Although
he has been advised that he shouldn’t display the painting, it proudly hangs in the entrance to his office.
He has been a student of the War Between the States since his youth. He said he was influenced as a young boy by stories of his greatgrandfather and the television series. The Gray Ghost.
Patterson was thrilled as he heard accounts of his greatgrandfather’s escape from federal prison after being captured in Mississippi in 1863. Of the war stories he heard, Patterson says, “Some might even be true.” He read every book on the war in his junior high school library.
The family Patterson grew up in was very prejudiced. No, they weren’t prejudiced against any minority group; the prejudice was directed towards Yankees. He said he didn’t overcome his Yankee prejudice until he joined the Marines. He quickly found out that “Yankees are just like the rest of us; they just talk funny.”
Patterson is concerned about the numerous attacks against Confederate symbols. He has seen it occur at his own alma mater where efforts to attract minority students have overshadowed heritage. Patterson feels that Texas A&M has become very sensitive not to offend anyone, with an eye towards increasing minority enrollment. He anticipates that there will be additional confrontations at Texas A&M and he plans to be involved in defending Confederate symbols there.
He has worked diligently behind the scenes to get the Confederate
plaques, which were taken down from the Texas Supreme Court building, restored. The plaques were illegally removed under the administration of then-governor George W. Bush. The issue is still not resolved and is currently being fought in state courts by the Texas Division of the SCV. Patterson feels that the plaques will eventually be returned to their rightful place.
Patterson blames attacks on Confederate symbols as purely the result of ignorance. “If you say something frequently enough in spite of how wrong it is, it becomes accepted as fact,” Patterson explained. He feels that Confederate defenders have not always responded as well as they should, sometimes
Southern Mercury
Ianuary/February 200-4	19
Texas Land Commissioner Patterson at work in his office in Austin.
replying with emotions and not facts. He feels every Southern defender should have a list of at least ten things to respond with to those that bash the South.
“We also need to recognize the other viewpoint,” Patterson said. According to Patterson, “For some folks the only exposure they’ve had to our Battle Flag is having seen it on the back of a pickup truck after some redneck has tossed a beer can at them.” These people need to be educated: “All they know is the flag on the back of that pickup truck. We know the true history, but many of them don’t,” Patterson said.
Patterson thinks that defenders of the South should never lessen their defense, but they do need to understand the experiences that formed the negative view of the Confederacy held by some. An incremental approach might work, according to Patterson, “To get people to accept our true history in stages.”
Patterson likes to use a quote about slavery from Robert E. Lee in the 1850’s. Lee said, “Slavery is a moral and political evil in any country.” Often Patterson will read the quote and ask detractors “Who said it? Was it Lincoln, Grant, etc.?” Most people are surprised to learn that it was Lee. “Lee is the ace in the hole for people to be open-minded about the Southern cause, so many people already accept him,” Patterson said. He feels that Southerners need to do a better job in getting the truth about Abraham Lincoln before the American public; let them see the Lincoln “who was opportunistic, gladly accepted slavery according to his own words, and not at all concerned with the Constitution,” Patterson said.
Although he has never been publicly criticized for his SCV membership or his defense of Confederate symbols, he realizes that some politicians are. He believes that Southerners do not elect public officials who are knowledgeable enough to adequately defend the South. “They are brave enough, but usually not comfortable enough to defend the truth. They know they are right; they just don’t know how to prove it,” Patterson said.
Patterson feels that many Americans blame the South for the War Between the States and typically point to slavery as the root cause.
He recommends that those with that perspective “should not be attacked
but rather be engaged into friendly discussions on the issues; we need to bring them along to see the truth.” He feels that Southern defenders should point out that slavery was not a Southern problem; rather, it was an American problem. “To get people to see that the sectional conflicts were a national wrong, not a Southern wrong, is an achievable c active,” Patterson said.
Another four-year term Land Commissioner is definitely the radar of Patterson, who will e up for re-election in 2006. Son e have used offices such as the Land Commissioner as steppingstones to the Lieutenant Governor and Governor’s office. The current Texas Lieutenant Governor is the immediate past Land Commissioner. Will Patterson move up to another statewide office? He is noncommittal about any plans beyond the 2006 election. After his second term as Land Commissioner, is a higher statewide office a possibility? Sure, or then again, as Patterson said, “It just might be time to go fishing.”
Texas Monthly Magazine called Patterson, “an all too rare politician,
... fearless, what you see is what you get overachiever.” This frank and unabashed Confederate defender is certainly a most refreshing voice in the all too typical chorus of political correctness. Texans specifically and Southerners in general are indeed fortunate to have Jerry Patterson in office.
John C. Perry was bom in Atlanta, GA, and devloped a fascination far history at a very early age. He has a BA in history and is the author of Myths & Realities of American Slavery. He is currently serving as commander of the SCVs Army of Trans-Mississippi Department.
20 January/lebruary 2004
Southern Menury
The First in a series of Five Installments
How Abe Lincoln Incited
War
April 4 through April 19, 1861
Abe Lincoln proclaimed the Federal invasion of the Confederacy on April 15, 1861. Lincolns war was the culmination of the political sectionalism that had divided those United States into two antagonistic sections. One section, the Northern states, had recendy become politically dominated by the Republican Party, a new organization which had come to power in those states by agitating over terrorism in “Bleeding Kansas,” by agitating for exclusion of bonded blacks from the national territories and all future states and by incidng hatred toward Southern States’ politicians by tricks such as “Bleeding Sumner.” Republicans wanted a more powerful federal government and reduced state rights. Because of rapid immigration into the Northern states, the political apportionment from the 1850 census had made it theoretically possible to dominate the federal government without any support from the Southern states whatsoever. And, being pure sectionalists, Republicans sought no presence in the Southern states. The other section, the Southern states, was politically dominated by the Democratic Party, which, through 1860, had been the party usually in
22 — January/February 2004
By Howard Ray White
charge of the federal government. Democrats wanted to limit the federal government to the few powers designated in the federal Constitution, thereby preserving state rights. Democrats were national, not sectional, and had a presence in all the states.
The sectionalism that produced state secession and the federal invasion of the Confederacy can be traced back to the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854, which had been pushed through Congress by Senator Stephen Douglas, Democrat, of Illinois. The result had been “Bleeding Kansas,” which had been skillfully agitated by Republican political activists and political demagogues throughout the Northern states. By 1856 the Republican Party had become very powerful in those states and was rapidly gaining control of state governments in that section, eventually to win control of every Northern state by early 1861. Although Abe Lincoln had been of little political significance in the early 1850 s, he had been the most influential politician during the founding of the Illinois Republican Party in 1856, and he had gained that party’s endorsement for the federal senate scat being occupied by
Stephen Douglas. Lincoln a< lively campaigned against Douglas during 1858, engaging in the Dougias-Lincoln Debates, which, because they were publicized throughout the Northern states, gave Lincoln important prestige among Eastern states’ Republicans.
The Republican Party, in its 1860 Northern States Convention at Chicago, had nominated Abe Lincoln for President. At this time Democrats were mortally divided. Republican-style agitation over excluding bonded blacks from the national territories and all future states, coupled with Stephen Douglas’ demand that Democrats nominate him for president, had produced a devastating split in the Democratic Party at its 1860 National Convention at Charleston, resulting in the Northern Democratic Party and the Southern Democratic Party. This left those United States of 1860 with no established national political party. A new party, the Constitutional Union Party, which was national in its aspirations, was quickly formed, and also fielded a candidate for president. But the effort was too late. Lincoln easily won the election for president by carrying all of the Northern states in
Southern Menwy
; lour-" ay race.
Republican-style sectionalism ;ui Republican plans to diminish (tttte rights and expand federal v\vcr had persuaded seven coastal states to secede from the federal .wtmment before James {vuchanan's term as president expired. (You should know that, in $60, the federal Constitution disallowed any method for preventing state secession). Those seceded sates had joined together to form the Confederate States of America and had elected Jeff Davis to be provisional president. And Davis had dispatched Confederate Commissioners to Washington City to meet with the upcoming Lincoln administration and seek political accommodations between the two nations.
But the Lincoln administration had refused to recognize state sec ssion or the Confederacy and ha alleged that people in seceded stz :s were in rebellion against Tr res ective state governments.
L coin was the foremost ad\ of conquering the Confedera subjugating her states. Senate Charles Sumner, Republican or Massachusetts, also favored m.’’ rv conquest, as did Representative Thad Stevens, Republican of Pennsylvania.
Seeking a pretext for war, Lincoln had embraced a federal navy scheme to, from a staging area in the New York Navy Yard, simultaneously dispatch federal fleets of warships and transports to Fort Sumter and to Fort Sickens. Lincoln had persuaded his Cabinet to agree to his plans for inciting the Confederates to fire the “first shot,” which he believed would help him win support among the people of the Northern states lor a war of invasion.
Minimi


IMlJIfllllt * *V *1

Fort Sumter in Charleston harbor.
It would take the Lincoln administration 16 days to carry out the military scheme aimed at gaining its pretext for war. These 16 days are described, day by day, in my book. Bloodstains, An Epic History of the Politics that Produced the American Civil War. The story, as told in Bloodstains, is presented in our magazine as five serial presentations. The First of the Five is presented below.
We now begin the daily countdown to the start of the War for Southern Independence. It is April 4, 1861.
April 4
On April 4, Abe Lincoln wired Lieutenant Gustavus Fox at the New York Naval Yard with final go-ahead orders to set out with federal warships and troop transports for Fort Sumter to allegedly re-supply it. If the fleet met resistance, then commanders were ordered to also reinforce the fort with additional soldiers. At the same time Lincoln arranged to get a message to the garrison in Fort Sumter to expect the fleet to arrive about April 12.
That evening of April 4 Senator Stephen Douglas, Democrat, of Illinois, and his wife Adelc gave a dinner party at their large and impressive Washington home. Their guests included William Russell, a newspaperman with the London Times, Treasury Secretary Salmon Chase, Interior Secretary Caleb
Smith and John Forsyth, one of President Jeff Davis’ three Confederate commissioners. Forsyth had supported Douglas during the 1860 campaign for federal president, but when Douglas had failed to derail Lincoln, Forsyth had immediately embraced secession. It is likely Chase, Smith or others in the Lincoln administration had already told Douglas that a Federal Navy force was underway for Fort Sumter. It is a good bet that Douglas was willingly dispensing disinformation in support of a deliberate administration diversionary tactic. But whatever his intent, there is no doubt that Douglas advocated before Forsyth and other guests a peaceful proposal to open discussions about new trade agreements between the United States and the Confederacy, allegedly in hopes the two nations might peacefully compete “on the arena of free trade." As Russell reported it, Douglas advocated before his guests systematic lowering of import taxes “from point to point, in proportion as the [Confederacy] bids against the [Federation] for the commerce of Europe, till the reduction reaches such a point that the [Confederacy], forced to raise revenue for the actual expense of government, and unable to struggle against the superior wealth of the [Federation] in such a contest, is obliged to come to an understanding with its powerful competitor and to submit to a treaty of commerce
Southern Men ury
| anuary/ February 2004
23
which shall include all of the states of the North American Continent." It is presumed that Chase and Cushing listened as Douglas talked of trade agreements, but all three men were surely more interested in keeping Jeff Davis' man, Forsyth, confused with diverse disinformation while Lincolns fleet headed for Fort Sumter.
April 5
The next day, April 5, a Washington City dispatch to the Montgomery Daily Mail announced: “The frigate Powhatan goes to sea tomorrow morning, fully equipped and provisioned, and will probably take three companies of troops. The impression at the [New York] Navy Yard is that Forts Sumter and Pickens are both to be relieved.” So the Federal Navy armada was about to steam out of the New York Naval Yard for Charleston harbor and Fort Pickens. Hudson Strode would describe the magnitude of this “relief” expedition to Forts Sumter and Pickens:
“As to the size of the so-called ‘relief* expedition, the historian James Ford Rhodes wrote: ‘Fox had arranged that it should consist of the war-ships Powhatan, Pawnee, Pocahontas, and Harriet Lane, the steam-tugs. Uncle Ben, Yankee, and Freeborn; and with the merchant ship Baltic, with 200 men and the necessary supplies on board.’ It was altogether a formidable little armada that was to enter Charleston Harbor. The total number of men and cannon has been variously estimated, with figures running as high as 2,000 men and 60-odd guns, but according to the Federals own statement, the relief expeditions consisted of *8 vessels, carrying 26 guns and about 1,400 men.
Lincolns Secretary of State, William Seward, Republican, of New York, still hoped that the reinforcement of Fort Pickens could be accomplished without provoking hostilities, and once done, might give momentum to efforts to stop the Fort Sumter mission at the last minute. But, on the other hand, Henry Adams, who was in command of the warships anchored just beyond Fort Pickens, had so far refused to off-load the men and military equipment that was aboard the warship Brooklyn, which had been anchored offshore for considerable time. Seward still hoped his secret switch of the Powhatan's commander and its mission would thwart the Sumter-bound fleet. But about this time Lincolns Navy Secretary, Gideon Welles, Republican, of Connecticut, found out about the secret switch involving the Powhatan. Angrily he badgered Seward into calling on Lincoln that very night to confront him with the issue. Seward meekly agreed to accompany Welles to the White House. Confronted by a furious Welles, Lincoln apologized. In fact, Lincoln offered the feeble excuse that he had never intended to sign orders to switch the Powhatan, and that Seward had tricked him by sneaking the orders into a stack of minor papers and then handing them over to be signed. Lincoln apologized to Welles for such inexcusable inattention to detail and instructed Seward to immediately issue orders directing the Powhatan to join the Navy’s mission to Fort Sumter. (However, a month later, Lincoln would not blame Seward when he would knowingly notify the Navy Department in writing, “Lieutenant I). D. Porter was placed in command of the Steamer
Powhatan and Captain Samuel Mercer was detached there from by my special order, and neither of them is responsible for any apparent or real irregularity on their part in connection with that vessel)....” So there is good reason to believe that Lincoln knowingly went along with Seward s deception, and the excuse given Welles was just a lie designed to keep him in line. As a historical analyst, you must recognize that Lincoln knew that Jeff Davis would get ample reports from sympathetic observers that the Powhatan was headed for Fort Sumter, and we know that he hoped those reports would force Davis to order the expulsion of the Federal garrison by force before Federal warships appeared and threatened to enter Charleston Harbor. Lincoln knew that denying the Navy mission to Fort Sumter a clear set of orders ant the use of the powerful Powhatan would surely handicap Gustavus Fox, perhaps enough to keep him offshore and away from a fight. Lincoln was surely worried that his attempt to rally the Northern states to war might fizzle, and he perhaps wished not to be overextended. Most importandy, if the complex series ot deceptions succeeded, propagandists could trumpet more shrilly that, unprovoked and denying food to the Federals at Fort Sumter, the Confederates started the war. So, Lincoln directed Seward to issue orders to return the Powhatan to the Navy’s mission to Fort Sumter. Seward complied, but cleverly signed his name to the order instead of Lincoln’s. The telegram read: “Give the Powhatan to Captain Mercer. Seward.” Well, Andrew Foote, who was in command of the N ew York Naval Yard, was stunned when he received Seward’s telegram, for the
Southern MeW*
was already out of sight, had steamed off earlier in the Quickly, Foote chartered a liner and gave chase, hoping to -rake the Powhatan and deliver vnov mission assignment, aricston. Foote succeeded in overtaking the Powhatan and deliv-^ the new order to her compiler, David Porter. Porter read Raid’s signed order directing him v fort Sumter and compared it to ijncolns signed order directing him b Fort Pickens. As Seward had toped, Porter figured that the President ranked higher than the xoctary and replied to Foote, “I itcdved my orders from the Presi-dent and shall proceed and execute [ban.” The Powhatan would proceed m to Fort Pickens. Seward had succeeded in throwing a small monkey wrench into the Fort Sumter mission, but as it would turn out, t at small impediment would fail k change history.
April 6 Considering the enormou; power of the Federal Navy flee naming for Charleston Harb-Lmcolns allegation that he merely •anted to give “food relief” w«u> a adier obvious campaign to inject confusing deception among Confed-tau leaders and to provide fodder tor future sympathetic historians.
And at this point William Seward •as desperate. Having failed to stop 4e Fort Sumter expedition from
•	-''mgout from the New York Naval Yard, Seward began working on methods of defusing the impact of
its arrival at Charleston Harbor.
Ward warned Lincoln that he had
*	arJier promised the three (Confederate Commissioners that Fort Sumter
/;ould not he reinforced without prior notice.” So, apparently to
Southern Mercury
accommodate Seward s sensitivities, and to further increase deception, Lincoln, on April 6, dispatched Robert Chew, a clerk in the Federal State Department, to Charleston with a letter to Governor Francis Pickens. Lincolns order to Chew, dated April 6, follows:
“Sir — You will proceed directly to Charleston, South Carolina; and if, on your arrival there, the flag of the United States shall be flying over Fort Sumter, and the fort shall not have been attacked, you will procure an interview with Governor Pickens and read him as follows: ‘I am directed by the President of the United States to notify you to expect an attempt will be made to supply Fort Sumter with provisions only; and that if such an attempt be not resisted, no effort to throw in men, arms, or ammunition will be made, without further notice, or in case of an attack upon the fort.’
“After you shall have read this to Governor Pickens, deliver him the copy of it herein enclosed, and retain this letter yourself.
“But if, on your arrival at Charleston, you shall ascertain that Fort Sumter shall have been already evacuated, or surrendered, by the United States force; or shall have been attacked by an opposing force, you will seek no interview with Governor Pickens, but return here forthwith.”
April 7
On April 7, Robert Anderson received his first written order since the Republicans had taken over the federal government. Up until this day the few verbal communications that had come to him had been intended to deceive him. The new message was from Lincolns Secretary of War Simon Cameron, Republi-
can, of Pennsylvania. Cameron did not want Anderson to leave Fort Sumter before the Federal fleet entered Charleston Harbor. HU instruction to that effect concluded with: "You will therefore hold out, if possible, till the arrival of the expedition.” Then Cameron granted Anderson authority to choose for himself when to surrender under fire so as to save the lives of his garrison because the Lincoln administration had no real intention of holding Fort Sumter for the long term. Once the “first shot," was drawn, they intended to get Anderson and his men out of Charleston. A few killed Federals would be fine, but an Alamo-style fight to the last man might draw unnecessary criticism. Cameron concluded: “It is not, however the intention of the president to subject your command to any danger or hardship beyond what, in your judgment, would he usual in military life; and he has entire confidence that you will act as becomes a patriot and soldier, under all circumstances. Whenever, if at all, in your judgment, to save yourself and command, a capitulation becomes a necessity, you are authorized to make it.”
The same day Seward answered a
0
“strong letter" from Supreme Court Justice John Campbell, Democrat, of Alabama, in which Campbell had demanded to know if past assurances of evacuation at Fort Sumter had been truthful or deceptive. Perhaps Seward dreamed that his Powhatan switch should he considered good “faith,” hut he well knew chat the Lincoln administration was on a firm course to incite war. So Seward, rarely inclined to be truthful when a lie better served his purposes, replied in writing to Campbell: "Faith as to Sumter fully kept. Wait and see.*
25
1 anuaiy/February 2004
judge Campbell forwarded the “promise" to Montgomery, but Jeff Davis was not deceived, for he personally knew about Seward’s propensity to lie for best effect. As the Federal Navy fleet steamed for Charleston Harbor, the Lincoln administration was dispatching propaganda designed to discourage Confederate defenders from forcing the Federal garrison out of Fort Sumter before the Federal fleet entered Charleston Harbor. Lincolns ideal scenario was an outcome where his Navy fleet drew cannon fire from the shore batteries after they entered the harbor. He much preferred newspaper headlines that screamed “US Navy attacked while attempting to get food to starving Fort Sumter garrison." That would best serve his purpose of rallying the Northern states to make war on the Confederacy. Newspaper headlines that screamed “Fort Sumter garrison forced out by Charleston cannon-fire" were surely his second choice of outcomes.
April 8 From Fori Sumter, Robert Anderson wrote a "distressed letter” to the Adjutant General, Colonel I.orcnzo Thomas, in which he appealed for recall of the Federal
Navy fleet. Clearly Robert Anderson did not want war. Yet he was the man who Lincoln had chosen to draw the “first shot.” Anderson wrote a postscript asking Thomas to destroy the letter after reading it, for Anderson, a career officer who abhorred insubordination, knew his letter damned the Lincoln administration. However, Thomas would never receive Anderson’s letter, for Confederate defenders in Charleston intercepted the dispatch and sent it to Jeff Davis. Anderson had written:
“Colonel: ... I had the honor to receive, by yesterdays mail, the letter of the honorable Secretary of War, dated April 4, and confess that what he there states surprises me very greatly.... I trust that this matter will be at once put in a correct light, as a movement made now, when the [Confederacy] has been erroneously informed that none such would be attempted, would produce most disastrous results throughout our [Federation].
“It is, of course, now too late for me to give any advice in reference to the proposed scheme of Captain Fox. 1 fear that its result cannot fail to be disastrous to all concerned. Even with his boat at our walls, the loss of life (as I think I mentioned to Mr. Fox) in unloading her will more
than pay for the good to be accomplished by the expedition.,.,
“We have not oil enough to keep a light in the [ship guidance] lantern for one night. The boats will have to, therefore, rely at night entirely upon other marks. I ought to have been informed that this expedition was to come. Colonel Lamon’s remark convinced me that the idea, merely hinted at to me by Captain Fox, would not be carried out.
“We shall strive to do our duty, though I frankly say that my heart is not in the war, which I see is to be thus commenced. That God will still avert it, and cause us to resort to pacific means to maintain our rights, is my ardent prayer.”
When Anderson’s letter reached Jeff Davis, he read it with considerable feeling, because they had been close friends during Davis’ military career. They had been together at West Point. Although Davis had chosen to retire after seven years of military service and setde down on a farm, Robert had chosen to make the military his life’s career. Biographer Hudson Strode would describe Davis’ reaction to the letter
“As the President read the manly, frank, and moving letter, he saw that his old friend Bob Anderson was absolved from any suspicion of complicity. Though the language was restrained, Anderson was obviously shocked at the deceit that had been practiced on him, a [Federal] officer, as well as on the Confederate government. Anguish of soul was revealed between the lines. The words, ‘1 frankly say that my heart is not in this war, which I sec is to be thus commenced,’ were of peculiar significance. Robert Anderson pU the blame of starting the [soon-to bc-1 aunched] war squarely on the Lincoln Administration."
26 January/I ebruary 2004
Southern \lw
>n April 8 Martin Crawford, Ifthr three commissioners ^nling the Confederacy in Kington City* telegraphed
Pierre Beauregard, who was hany of Charleston defenses: (rMie reassured yesterday that N Status of Sumter would not be unjed without previous notice to pernor Pickens, but we have no * in them. The war policy pre-ails in the [Lincoln] Cabinet at this ant' Beauregard forwarded the .kouraging dispatch to Montgom-syand, most likely, redoubled his flora to strengthen Charleston jaenses. Crawford and the other wo Confederate Commissioners rauincd in Washington City, to be wikbk if Lincoln would ever grant an audience. The same day an “gned telegram — probably ■ngared by Seward’s friend, news-
paperman James Harvey — arrived at Governor Pickens’ desk, which assured that the Federal garrison would be removed from Fort Sumter. That evening, Lincolns agent, Robert Chew, arrived in Charleston and called on Governor Pickens. Chew was the Federal State Department employee Lincoln had picked to attempt to deceive Pickens into believing that the fleet steaming for Charleston harbor was merely going to re-supply the Federal garrison with food, water and lamp oil. Chew read aloud to Pickens the following statement from Lincoln:
“I am directed by the President of the United States to notify you to expect an attempt will be made to supply Fort Sumter with provisions only; and that if such an attempt be not resisted, no effort to throw in men, arms, or ammunition will be
made, without further notice, or in case of an attack upon the fort."
Of course this letter was merely an attempt at further deception. 1 he Federal Navy fleet was far more than would be necessary to deliver food and water to the few men within Fort Sumter. Confederate leaders were fully aware that, if Lincoln were truly concerned about the garrison’s nourishment, he would have simply ordered them to Washington City to partake of a good square meal.
This concludes the first installment ofa five-part series, “How Abe Lincoln Incited War. " For the full epic history* read Bloodstains, An Epic History of the Politics that Produced the American Civil War. For details. go to wunv.civilwarcauses.com or write
Howard Ray White at PO Bax 78731. Charlotte, NC28271.
Bob Pole's Nashville Gun Show
at
Saturday
9 ? 00 am til 5? 00 pm
Sunday
**00 mm til it00 pm

jTennessee Expo Center
Smyrna, Tennessee 2pifTour Hotline - (615) 391-2315
h't tp : // www. bobpopegun shows. com
n
m
rocl.iim Your Southern lk*ritaKc
loin Now	M 1-soo
«»»•»«•	WSS 1 MY-SOUTH
—	* ****** * 1 “. \	I	II	U	V	NS
Show Dates
Janurary 10 - 17
March 20 • 21
October 16 -17
t U • 11
Rxpo is located at the intersection of Old Nashville and Almaville Road in Smyrna, Tennessee.
Uncle Seth Fought the Yankees
Moonshine Whiskey Saves The Day
cold February wind blew through the cracks in the wall of Uncle Seths bedroom. Lately, it seemed the cold wind blew through his wrinkled skin to chill his very bones. He slowly ambled to the mantle, grasped his toddy bottle and sucked down a swallow of honey-sweetened whiskey. Ahh! he thought, Nothing like a hot toddy to warm chilled bones!
“Uncle Seth,” warned Billie Jean, his granddaughter. Billie Jean felt it her responsibility to keep a close watch on her ill grandfather. “You know that stuff has quite a bite. You
by James Ronald Kennedy
worry yourself about me. I know how to handle my whiskey,” he said. “You know, once during the War, a bottle of whiskey saved me and helped to free a number of Confederate POWs,” Uncle Seth began.
“Really?” Billie Jean said. She really didn’t want to hear the story, but she felt she owed her grandfather the courtesy of listening to him. She was still worried about the effects of the whiskey, so she sat next to him so she could take action if he were to topple over.
“John Cunningham, who now resides in Ravenna, Texas, and I were enjoying a furlough. We were on our way to Trigg County, Kentucky. Our
horses need a rest and so we stopped at a little war-deserted village along the way. The only store open for business was a little saloon run by a discharged Southern soldier. His main stock and trade was some of his own Kentucky moonshine — or as we all called it mountain dew. Before long we had gathered around his red hot stove and
were engaged in a friendly drmk and the swapping of Yankee fight g tales. All of a sudden a ruckus beg I outside and then someone bPan pounding on the door. They id we had better let them in or the 5 would burn us out! It seemed the sa, on had been surrounded by elements of Colonel Bird’s East Tennessee Regiment — Yankee loyalists! We were trapped! But I don’t think John realized the seriousness of our predicament. He picked up a bottle and flung the saloon doors open. There stood a half-dozen Yanks, all armed with navy revolvers.” Uncle Seth paused.
“Oh, don’t stop. Uncle Seth! What did you all do?” Billie Jean pleaded. Her inquiry was just what Uncle Seth was hoping to hear.
Uncle Seth grinned. “Well, ole John wasn’t about ready to surrender or die. He looked right at those Yankees and said, ‘Come on in, gendemen,’ just like they were old drinking buddies of his. ‘Drink mountain dew to your heart’s content and I tell you it’s the best I ever put to my lips!’ At the sight of the bottle and the promise of all they could drink, the ‘good ole boys’ from East Tennessee holstered their pistols and remembered their first calling — one that overcame what little semblance of military bearing they had. Before long the bottle and several of its companions evaporated. The Yankee loyalists promoted John to the rank of Colonel Liquor,” Uncle Seth chuckled as he
should take your time with it.” “Now, Billie Jean, don’t you
Southern Moxun
^xi those days so long ago. >ofth thereafter the rest of the notched into town with a ^0fConfederate POWs. They i large number of local ^jn tow w ho loudly asserted to the Yankee cause. v< citizens were mighty upset being arrested. They claimed to papas declaring them to be a to the Union cause but none of g East Tennessee boys knew how — not even their captain!
*’8fell, before long, the captain ^df joined us in the saloon. He jod it anyone could read. No one spooded, so John, hoping to endear tfdf to the captain, volunteered to ad tor the captain. John followed 2 captain outside and was presented jjpyofthe parole papers from one r & captured citizens. Slowly John *pn to read and memorize the •wds. Si re enough, the Yankee
captain released his captive. The other citizens submitted their papers, John read them and they too were released.
“Well, John looked over at the Confederate POWs and winked. They got the message and began rummaging through their haversacks and coming up with any excuse of paper. One by one John read their “papers” declaring them to be paroled soldiers on their way home, never to fight against their country! In a matter of minutes the Yankee captain watched as his entire days work was sent home “never again to fight against their country” — a solemn promise which they were all willing to keep. After all, the Confederate States of America was their country and they sure as H— wasn’t going to fight against it! Uncle Seth slapped his knee and chuckled with satisfaction.
“With just a little more mountain dew, the Yankee captain listened as
John read our own parole * papen and then allowed us to leave town roo.
Yes, sir, I do believe that there was the best whiskey I ever tasted," Unde Seth said as he pur his arm around bis granddaughter. "You going to remember this story so you can tell it to your children?" he asked Billie Jean. “Wouldn’t be right for my own family to forget what me and my comrades did in the War for Southern Independence.”
“Take another drink of whiskey. Unde Seth,” Billie Jean said, “and keep talking.”
© James Ronald Kennedy. www.KennedyTwins.com. Untie Seth is a fictional character. His adventures are based on actual events as told by Confederate Veterans and other Southerners who were actual witnesses to the events described
Industrial Process Engineering Automation/ Mechanical / Electrical
Incorporated in 1984, CSA is a full service company specializing in the planning, engineering and design for the Industrial Process and Manufacturing Industries.
CSA will provide all engineering disciplines required for a project including:
Process/Mechanical • Electrical Instrumentation • System Integration
1550 E. Main St Ext • PO Box 310 DummvHCWM (864) 433-9533
wdgvenwVsainoi*.. com
JOHN GREFN & CO REALT ORS
On the H i	ic Town Square
10; lulberry Collierville, ennessee 38017
www.johngreen.com
Office: (901) 853-0763 Fax: (901) 853-7682
Green & Sons Storage
*' Climate-Control Units »’ free, 24-Hour Access ♦ Packing Supplies V Professional Friendly Service
¥ Boat & RV Parking ¥ Truck Rental ¥ Security Cameras ¥ Individual Alarmed Units
(901) 861 -7464
731 Chaney Drive ¥ Collierville, TN 38017 (901)861-7481
Mercury
January/February 200-t
Cubans in the Confederacy
Edited by Phillip Thomas Tucker
Reviewed by Ann Rives Zappa
For this book about Cubans in the Confederacy, Editor Tucker has chosen biographies of three Cubans who served the Confederate States of America — each written by a different author.
In his introduction. Tucker gives a brief history of relations with Cuba from the American Revolution up to the years preceding Southern secession. Because of vital geographical location, Cuba played an important role in United States foreign policy during the early years of the Republic. American leaders feared both British and Spanish control of the island, preferring that Cubans form their own independent government. Thomas Jefferson, eyeing expansion of his new country in the early 1800s, wrote: “I have ever looked on Cuba as the most interesting addition which could ever be made to our system of States (and) her addition to (the United States) is exactly what is wanted to advance our power as a nation to the point of its utmost interest." Unofficial government meddling into Cuba’s independence and politics during the 1800’s was more prevalent than many citizens suspected. Before the War Between the States, Texas and Florida both supported military invasions of Cuba. Financial help for invasions to aid the Cubans in their quest to gain independence also came from supporters elsewhere in the United States.
Fucker points out that Hispanics
Cubans
in the
Confederacy
.lose	OiiiiHcm.
\mhmsin Jose (ion/ah s. ami T l.orel.i Jancla \<*l,iz<|ii<v.
and Cubans who chose to wear Gray are little known or historically recorded. He believes that these Confederates deserve recognition. Tucker states that a second reason for compiling this book about these two men and one woman was to counter stereotypes still existing today that the average Southern soldier was a “cracker” or an Anglo-Saxon from a homogeneous background. Not so. Tucker states “The Confederate armies were ethnic melting pots, representing foreign soldiers and nationalities from across the world.”
Darryl E. Brock writes of Jose Augustin Quintero: Cuban Patriot in Confederate Diplomatic Service. Born in Havana on May 6, 1829, Quintero was the son of wealthy Cuban tobacco plantation owner
Antonio Quintero and Ana Woodville, of British parent At age 12, he was sent to Harv After returning to Havana, he reo d a law degree at age 19 and bee te involved in an insurrection a- ainst the Spanish rulers. Captured, Quintero soon escaped from a Spanish jail and fled to America. Biographer Brock locates Quintero in Texas in the 1850s, associated with Mirabeau B. Lamar, the Texas Republics Second President and a man who was instrumental in organizing an attempted invasion of Cuba. While living in Texas, Quintero developed friendships with several men who later joined their fates with the Confederate States of America in various capacities. Quintero also had ties to New Orleans.
Brock writes a fascinating history of early diplomatic efforts of the Confederacy to win Mexico as an ally and gain trade agreements with European countries while using Mexican ports to ship cotton and other goods. At the beginning of the War Between the States, Confederate Secretary of State Toombs and Texas Governor Edward Clark persuaded Quintero to undertake a diplomatic mission to General Santiago Vidaurri, governor of a Mexican border state. Readers will appreciate this little-known aspect of Confederate diplomacy with regard to Mexico during the early War period and the possibilities such an alliance offered
Southern Men'ury
to the fortunes of the Confederacy.
w
Frank L. Owsley in his hook, King Cotton Diplomacy, credits Quintero with supplying munitions and other supplies to the Trans-Mississippi Confederacy. Owsley states “He proved shrewd and successful in his dealings with Mexican authorities. Governor Vidaurri, President Juarez, and, lastly, the French imperialists.” After the War Between the States, Quintero settled in New Orleans and later became editor of the Daily Picayune. He is remembered for his literary contributions in early life, both in the United States and Cuba, as well as service to the Confederate diplomatic corps. His sons, Lamar and Marshall, treasured their fathers service to the Confederacy and joined the Sons of Confederate Veterans, serving Camp Beauregard in various offices and functioning in many capacities at Sons of Confederate Veterans’ Reunions. They also frequently contributed articles to The Confederate Veteran magazine.
Michel Wendell Stevens writes of Ambrosio Jose Gonzales in Two Flags, One Cause — A Cuban T riot in Gray. Gonzales, son of a Cu sugar planter/ engineer, was ser New York at the age of nine u attend the French School run Peugnet brothers, soldiers whc served under Napoleon as captains of cavalry and artillery. There he met another nine-year-old, Pierre G. T. Beauregard — and their lives would intertwine in ways neither could have foreseen. The boys became friends, possibly because they shared common difficulties struggling with language and culture—Gonzales from a Spanish-speaking Cuban background and Beauregard from his French-speaking Louisiana Creole background.
From J 848 into the middle
1850s, Gonzales was involved in several unsuccessful attempts to invade Cuba and overthrow the existing Spanish government. After the final defeat to his hopes for Cuban independence, he was forced from his homeland and settled in America. Gonzales made friends with some influential Southern leaders, among them Jefferson Davis, and procured a position with the State Department in Washington. While living there, Gonzales met William Elliott, a wealthy South Carolina low country plantation owner. At the age of 37, Gonzales married Elliott s sixteen-year-old daughter Harriet. They lived in Washington at the center of society before the War. Mary Boykin Chestnut described Gonzales in her diary as the “handsome Spaniard” who possessed great musical gifts. Gonzales became a weapons salesman for the Maynard Arms Company of Massachusetts and an agent for the newly patented LeMat revolver. He demonstrated these weapons to several Southern Legislatures on the eve of secession. Gonzales had earlier renewed his friendship with General Beauregard and become a business associate. On November 11,1859, he offered his per >onal service to the state of South Carolina and pledged his loyalty to bis newly adopted country. With port from Governor Pickens and
i i
o * jers, Gonzales received an ap-pc: rment in the Provisional Army as a Lieutenant Colonel and an immediate appointment in Charleston as Chief of Artillery for the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Beauregard assigned Gonzales to the staff of Major General Milledge Bonham, Commander of the Army of South Carolina. When Beauregard ordered
the shelling of Fort Sumter, Gonzales observed the beginning of the War Between the States from a boat in Charleston Harbor.
Biographer Stevens writes a well-researched history of the defense of Charleston, the waning days of the War, and the final battle in Bentonville. Gonzales continued throughout the War to petition Jefferson Davis for a higher commission in the Confederate Army, but was refused. A possible reason for Davis’ rebuff was Gonzales’ friendship with Beauregard. Gonzales served the Confederacy on staffs of the most famous Southern commanders — Beauregard, Lee, Pemberton, Hardee, and Johnston — until the end of the War. In paroles issued at Greensboro, North Carolina, on April 30, 1865, A. J. Gonzales is listed as “Colonel, Chief of Artillery, Hardee’s Corps, Johnston’s Army.”
During Reconstruction, Gonzales, as well as his father-in-law William Elliott and almost all Southerners, lost property, homes, material positions, and wealth — all confiscated by the Yankees. He took his family to Cuba, where his beloved wife Harriet died of yellow
• VW
fever. Gonzales returned to South Carolina and left his younger children in the care of the Elliott family. Alone and forgotten by family and friends, he drifted from job to job in a downward spiral.
After his death, sons Ambrose and William developed a new regard for their father and pride in his commitment to Cuban independence and the Confederacy. They founded The State newspaper in Columbia, South Carolina, and dedicated their labor to honoring the
Continued on pitff
Southern Mercury
|.uui.u\/!vbm.u\ 200-1
M
Continued from page 7
The Enemy's Strategy
how to change that ever-worsening national public image of the white .''outherner back to a positive one; and the darker that image becomes, the more vulnerable the white Southerners become as a people — and the more vulnerable our Confederate heritage becomes along with us.
The National Scapegoat Propaganda Once the American public (including the South) has accepted the liberals’ stereotype of the conservative white Southerner as a vicious, rotten degenerate whose main purpose in life is to torment the blacks, then the public will accept willingly the accusations that todays white Southerners are solely responsible for all of the nation’s social ills, and must be punished accordingly. Increasingly, the liberals use the black activists as their cats-paws to make these accusations. The liberal news media then trumpet those charges, and government or other national institutions jump in to mete out the punishment.
The liberals’ main claim is that all of the failings of the black race in America arc due to racism on the part of the white Southerners, past and present. That accusation is now considered a given — it is not left open to discussion. Black activists such as Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton routinely claim that the Battle Flag is a symbol which represents the demand for a return to slavery in the US and that each Southerner who reveres the Battle Flag is actually expressing his hatred for the blacks.The national news media print these charges as straight news; and the
general public — having accepted the negative public image of the white Southerners — accepts them as fact.
To see how far the scapegoating of the white South has progressed nationally, we need only recall the savaging of Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott (R-Mississippi) late in 2002. At the 100th birthday celebration of Senator Strom Thurmond (R-South Carolina), who had been the States’ Rights Party’s candidate for the presidency in 1948, Lott praised Thurmond and jokingly said that maybe he should have won back then. Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, and other black activists then screamed that Lott was publicly demanding a return to segregation! Virtually the entire national news media piled on and went into a feeding frenzy, attacking Lott as a typical hate-filled white Southerner. Lott apologized cravenly again and again and again for the thought crime which he had patently not committed. The key Democrats then demanded that Lott be sacked as the Senate Majority Leader. The Republican leaders damned Lott with feint praise, thus signaling how pleased they would be if he stepped down. Lott resigned from that post, leaving in shreds what little reputation the white South had left.
The white South’s public image was now so bad that one black congressman —Jesse Jackson, Jr. — could request that a bill funding the National Park Service be amended to order the NPS to teach at its “Civil War” battlefields that the war was fought over slavery, an unspeakable evil indulged by the white South; and the Congress obliged him.
The white South was in such disrepute that the Coca-Cola Company, headquartered in Atlanta, not only ceased to advertise that its founder, Doc Pemberton, had been a Confederate veteran, but in 2003 Coca-Cola
donated money to a campaign to prevent the 1956 state flag of Georgia (with the Battle Flag as a prominent design element) from being reinstated as the state flag. Big business in general was contributing big money to the NAACP, which is fighting to obliterate the heritage of the white South.
The Southern-Scapegoat Propaganda The real payoffs from the national propaganda campaigns to convict all white Southerners of Original Sin (perpetrating slavery), and of now practicing institutional racism to prevent the black race in America from attaining its true potential, occur at the state and local levels in the South. The successes of the national campaigns enable the (liberal) statewide Southern newspapers to constandy attack the belief system and values and way of life of the traditional white Southerners. And those big city newspapers are abetted by an ever-increasing percentage of small town Southern newspapers which were bought out by liberal newspaper chains, or which simply caved in to liberalism.
One example of the liberal statewide Southern newspaper is the At-lanta Journal-Constitution (AJC), which is the most divisive publication that I am aware of in America today. It polarizes every conceivable issue racially; in almost every case it argues that the conservative whites are giving the blacks the short end of the stick; and it demands that the whites of good will (i.e. the radical leftists) conjoin with the blacks to put the conservative whites in their place. In addition, it gives the state-level black activists free rein to call the Confederates “Nazis,” and to vilify the Battle Flag with whatever bad names come to their minds. And it cheers on the legisla ture to suppress the Confederate symbols. But even though the AJC is a
32 — January/Fcbruary 2004
Southern Mutiny
mv'Hv newspaper, it would never ^attxi hang such a large anti-white v«thchip on its shoulder had not the nonal news and entertainment me-jj, already convinced the South that v w hite Southerners arc vicious, rot-^ Regenerates whose main purpose n lilt is to torment the blacks.
Most of the rest of the South's news ntdia are also hostile. Together, they uve now rendered the traditional rhitc Southerners into unwanted lingers in our own homeland. And •irv have turned our regions other institutions against us.
In the climate that the Souths Media have created, a single black ac-nvist can now contact the mayor or a nember of the city council or the county commission or the school ward, almost anywhere in the Sou ad demand that the Battle Flag be aken down from the Confede cemetery or that the SCV no lo
be permitted to march in the annual parade, or that a school or a street that is named for a Confederate hero he renamed for a Mack civil rights hero, or that the SCV no longer he permit ted to teach at the community college, etc.; and usually that black’s demand will be carried out immediately. If it is not, the “offended” black need merely call the nearest liberal newspaper; and shortly thereafter the skies will be filled with thunder and lightning.
Conclusion Of course the Southern heritage organizations must fight back to prevent the local black activists across the South from influencing the local authorities to suppress every public display of the Confederate symbols and every public celebration of our heritage. But from this analysis of the ideological war being waged against us, we can see that if we focus all of our ef-
forts upon fighting at the local level, we will lose the war. The worse our public image grows in the eyes of the nation, the more-numerous will our local black activist attackers become; and potentially they far outnumber ue.
So if we would win this ideological war, then in addition to fighting back against our local black activist attackers, we will also need to educate our fellow Southerners about their true heritage; and we will need to counterattack the liberals at the national level to improve our public image and discredit theirs. Formidable though these tasks be, they are doable; and well explore them in future issues.
Frank Conner is the author ofThc South Under Siege 1830 - 2000/ A History of the Relations Between the North and the South. For information about that hook, visit his website at http:/ I collards.phantacom. net
Kenneth Stone
'ayne Eddleman
123 S. Hedge Street Simpsonville, SC 29681
(803) 963-4042 Toll Free: 1-877-256-4279
3Ttme£ examiner
The Conservative Weekly Newspaper
Featuring News and Views with a
Traditional Southern Flavor
Unreconstructed Annual Subscription only $22
For a free sample copy.
Call (864) 268-0576
Email: TheTimesExaminer@myexcel.com
or write:
The Times Examiner
44E-2 Pine Knoll Drive. Greenville, SC
Published and Edited by Sons of Confederate Patriots
January/February 2004
Continued from page 17
Scandal
in the Anti-Confederate Ranks
fell down the staircase of the Buchanan House. However, on Thursday, December 20, 2001, Michael Peterson was indicted for murder. Nick Galifiankis, the former U.S. congressman who had opposed SCV member Jesse Helms in his U.S. Senate campaign in 1972, appeared at the bail hearing in support of Peterson. Galifianakis unsuccessfully attempted to have Peterson released on bond into his custody.
The death of Kathleen Peterson bears a striking similarity to a 1985 case in Graefenhausen, Germany. Elizabeth Ratliff, a widow and friend of Michael Peterson, was found dead at the bottom of a staircase at her home. One witness, Karen Hamm, said that she saw Peterson rushing away from Ratliffs home the night of her death: “I can still see him in front of me. I see his face.”
The 1985 death was ruled an accident and Peterson was never charged. Instead, he was named the administrator of RatlifFs estate and guardian of Ratliff’s daughters. In addition to his inheritance of RatlifFs $44,000 estate, Peterson collected benefits from the U.S. government on behalf of the minor children because their father had died while serving in the military. Peterson is also known to have requested financial assistance from the girls’ living relatives over the years, in one case convincing a paternal uncle to pay $5,000 per
semester to offset educational expenses.
In 2003, Ratliff’s body was exhumed and a new autopsy was performed. The conclusion was that she had been beaten to death.
After Kathleen Peterson’s death in 2001, Peterson was positioned to receive a much larger windfall than he did from the death of Elizabeth Ratliff. He was the beneficiary of a $1.4 million insurance policy on the life of Kathleen Peterson. This would certainly have helped with the heating and air conditioning bills and the Buchanan House, and would offset the fact that Peterson was out of his job as a newspaper columnist.
CONCLUSION
The trial has dispelled the image of Michael Peterson as a crusading populist. Instead, the image that has arisen is one of a man completely lacking in moral fiber, yet who shamelessly claimed to be morally offended by “racist” institutions and symbols such as the Confederate Flag. In many ways, Peterson is reminiscent of Morris Dees. His personal life is characterized by deviant sexual behavior, personal financial mismanagement, and a history of involvement in illegal activities, including an awkward proximity to two nearly identical murders, sixteen years apart, of people very close to him.
The accumulation of evidence
would have led almost any impartial observer to the conclusion that Peterson murdered his wife. However, the mainstream press completely failed to report that Petersons only hope rested on his defense team’s ability to convince the majority-black jury that Peterson was a crusader for the black community, and therefore should be acqu'ttcd whether he committed the lrder or not. There could be no other explanation for the defense’s admission into evidence of Peterson’s Confederate Flag columns, which were completely unrelated to the case.
On October 10, 2003, the jury found Peterson guilty of first-degree murder. This verdict should be seen by the Sons of Confederate Veterans as a ray of hope for its future and for its standing in contemporary Southern society. Any other verdict would have been outrageous, although not entirely unexpected considering the number of public battles against all things Confederate. However, the fact that this majority-black jury found Peterson guilty indicates that, even in today’s polarized society, people are able to look past their personal biases and make decisions based on facts. It also sends a message that the opinions of the Confederate-hating media, which once included Michael Peterson, are not representative of mainstream society.
Tim Wyatt is a member of SCV Camp 1485 in Wake County, NC. He is a graduate of North Carolina State University and holds a Ph.D. in geotechnical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology He is a licensed professional engineer in North Carolina.
34 January/Fcbruary 2004
Southern Mercury
Continued from page 31
Cubans in the Confederacy
xirusgks of the Confederacy’s Jdicrs and civilian population. Reviewers comment: Ambrose and William must be turning in their graves at the current anti-Southern stance and politically correct bias of TkState.) Sister Harriet (Anita) married Frank Hampton and merged the Elliott and Gonzales families with the long history of the Hampton family in South Carolina. She is buried a few feet from the grave of General Wade Hampton.
A Cuban patriot and soldier for the Southern Cause, Ambrosio Jose Gonzales was described by his son Narciso as “a soldier under two flags but one cause; that of community independence.”
Richard Hall writes a fascinating account of a Cuban woman, Loreto. Jan ta Velazquez: Civil War Soldier
and Spy. Loreta Velazquez published her own memoir, The Woman in Battle, in 1876 (edited by C. J. Worthington). Her life reads like a mystery novel.
Loreta claimed to have served the Confederate Army as Lieutenant Harry T. Buford, who fought in the first battle of Manassas. As Lieutenant Buford, she also asserted that she was present at the Confederate victory of Balls Bluff, the fall of Fort Donelson, and Shiloh. She wrote in her memoirs that she had been arrested in Richmond in i 863 for being a soldier in disgi After that incident, she abandoned her role a soldier in uniform and became a spy for the Confederacy. Part of the time she worked freelance. However, proof exists that at other times she served the Confederate secret service, duly authorized by officials in Richmond. One of her most dangerous undertakings was to serve as double agent for Colonel LaFayette Bakers Federal detective corps.
Loreta was nearly caught and fled to
Europe with one of her brothers.
But doubters have disputed many details of her exploits and pronounced her story "fantastic ... sensational exaggerations." Hall and other researchers have pursued clues and historical cross-references to substantiate Loreta* claims and clear up discrepancies of dates and locations. Despite skepticism from many historians. Hall asserts “...an investigation has shown that a lot of her story can be circumstantially supported’ and some of it can be and has been fully authenticated."
Readers will thoroughly enjoy this Cuban womans incredible life and exploits in Confederate service.
Cubans in the Confederacy will make an interesting addition to bookshelves of Southern readers.
Ann Rives Zappa is a Southern author and War Between the States reenactor with Knibh's Battery, Army oj Northern Virginia: and Zimmermann Battery Palmetto Battalion, wunv. annzappa. com
REPENTANT • UNRECONSTRUCTED
A New Voice For Today! 1 SOUTHERN xx
Only $28 per year for six feature-packed issues
Subscribe Today!
Make your check payable to Southern Mercury and
mail to PO Box 1496 Columbia, TN 38402-1496
Phone
E-mail
Address
Southern Mercury
I jnuarv/February 200*4