s675
UNPARDONED • UNREPENTANT • UNRECONSTRUCTED
Mohav 3, Nol 2
March April
The Last Confederate flag?
•	Roadblock to Education • Yankee Problem
•	Greatest Since Lincoln? • And Much More!
RECLAIMING
LIBERTY
RECLAIMING
LIBERTY
James Ronald Kennedy co-author of The South Was Right!
The South's role in leading America back to our original Constitutional Republic of Republics!
A Liberty Based Society where we the people of the Sovereign States are the final arbiters of the extent
of Federal power!
•	Total taxing authority (local, state, 1 federal) limited to maximum of 10%
•	An end to inflation & the establishment of sound, gold based monetary policy
•	A free market solution to the issues of a bankrupt Social Security System, a failing public education
system, and unaffordable healthcare.
•	Rejection of political correctness and a business as usual political regime; a return to individual responsibility, civility, and personal accountability.
A peaceful political revolution to overthrow the current liberal/socialist political order and replace it with a Liberty Based Society!
This book will feature prominently in the 2008 Presidential Primary campaign!
Available at bookstores, online bookstores, or autographed copies via:
Liberty Books, P.O. Box 1271, Madisonville, LA, 70447, $27.00 shipping included.
Other books by the Kennedy Brothers:
>'■ Revolt Against Big Government
MYTH OF
AMERICAN
SLAVERY
•>> SW atffcv •« l*» M am
Walter IX Kennedy
If we keep doing what we have always done, we will end up with what we have always had—it's time for a change—Ife time for Liberty
For more information visit our web site www.kennedytwins.com
PO Box 1496 Columbia, TN 38402 www.southernmercury.com
Publisher Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc.
An educationalfoundation of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief Frank B. Powell, III
editor@southernmercury. com
Contributors
James Ronald Kennedy Reverend Robert Slimp Howard Ray White Ann Rives Zappa J.D. Haines, MD Thomas J. DiLorenzo Dr. Timothy Wyatt John Gregory Joel Raupe Sara N. Powell
Advertising Representative Jack E. Marlar 2161 Greenpond Road Fountain Inn, SC 29644 864-862-3946
Subscriptions
$28 per year for six issues. Send to address above in the form of check or money order.
Southern Mercury is published bimonthly by the Foundation for the Preservation of American Culture, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this magazine may be reproduced or transmitted without the written permission of the publisher. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained within; however, FPAC assumes no liability for accuracy or omissions. I he opinions expressed by the authors of signed articles reflect the personal views of the writers and are not necessarily a statement of FPAC policy.
© 2005 FPAC, Inc.
from the
Editor
W
c have another feature-packed issue for our readers this month.
Reverend Bob Slimp is back with an informative article about bias toward Sons of Confederate Veteran members in the South Carolina Board of Education. Once again, the Southern Povety Law Center supplied false information to school board members in their continuing attacks on the SCV.
Dr. Timothy Wyatt is back with our feature artice on the last Confederate Flag to fly over a Southern capitol. As you know, not too many years ago many Southern states flew a Confederate Flag over their capitols. But now, only North Carolina flies a flag three days a year.
We finish up our five-part series “How Abe Lincoln Incited War” by Howard Ray White. These excerpts from Mr. Whites Bloodstains books are excellent. I hope you enjoyed reading this series as much as I did. Hopefully, we can all use this information with our future conversations with the uninformed.
I would like to welcome two new authors to these pages, J.D. Haines and Thomas J. DiLorenzo. Author Haines discusses the Yankee problem in America today, and DiLorenzo helps to dispel the Lincoln myth that is so prevelent in todays society. I hope to have more articles from both of these gentlemen in future issues.
As always, I would like to say thank-you for your continued support.
We need your help and support if we are to be successful in the fight to preserve our Southern culture. Please tell a friend about the Southern Mercury. We need to get our message out to as many people as possible. Don’t forget to let our advertisers know you saw their ad in the Mercury and keep those letters to the editor coming; we love hearing from our readers. Until then, I remain,
Yours in the Cause,
our readers
Opinions
Southern states still struggling for freedom
To the Editor,
Recently, Congress is drafting a bill to apologize to black people who had atrocities committed against them daring the 1800 s and 1900 s and mosdy committed by white Americans from the North and the South. When you open this can of worms, you open a lot of unanswered questions about the atrocities committed against Southern Americans by the Federal Government; i.e. invading the South, killing innocent civilians, stealing land owned by Southern Americans and giving some of it away, selling some of it.
Most of the leadership in the armies of the South attended US military academies and fought in wars against Mexicans and Indians defending the Union, and several were wounded and some served in the Congress of the America. Abe Lincoln and his generals killed thousands of Southern Americans, and a lot of these people were civilians — but the federal government has never admitted to the atrocities. If the federal government would apologize for these illegal actions, then it would be admitting it was wrong to invade the Confederate States of America and you can bet that just ain’t gonna happen.
Should we have Congress construct a bill to try Abe Lincoln for war crimes, which were committed during the War of Northern Ag-
gression against the South? Has the federal government ever apologized for its empire-building, and strong-arming other nations to conform to certain standards? If the federal government would apologize for its past actions against the South, this would go a long way to healing old wounds caused by the illegal War of Northern Aggression. The black people were slaves in Africa and as a result of being sold to Americans, their lives are much better than if they were still in Africa. But the federal government is still holding the Southern Americans back as if Reconstruction ended in 1878 and the South is still paying homage to the Union.
The South only wanted to be free from a tyrannical government and live peaceful, Christian lives, but the US Federal Government took all of that away, and the Southern states are still struggling daily to capture our freedom and receive justice.
Calling for old Southern traditions
To the Editor,
1	would appreciate if you could add this request in your magazine.
I am looking for people who know the traditions of the old South and how they got started. 1 am talk-
Letters to the editor are welcome. We love to hear from our readers, both pro and con. Please limit your remarks to 500 words or less. We will print a representative sample in each issue.
ing about customs that an nique only to the Southern state Please write to me at this box nur >er: Southern Traditions, PO fc 617, Zachary, LA 70791.
Thank you,
Gwen S. Patemostro Zachary, Louisiana
Needs information on Vicksburg soldiers
To the Editor,
I just became a subscriber to the Mercury and I am very impressed with your publication. Just received all the back issues. Thank you, Cindy Crowe.
Prior to July 1, 2000,1 was a typical ill-informed American. All I know about the WBTS was a few general facts (?)-Gettysburg, Appomattox, Grant, Sherman, Lee and Davis. When South Carolina was ordered to turn their back on its Southern heritage, that’s when I got very interested. The more I read, the more I visited battle sites, the more I became convinced that the War of Northern Aggression was an accurate description of the years 1860-on.
Even though it was a day (7/1/00) of disgrace for the South, it was also a day of heroes and hope. Because of that day of infamy, I was shown the light and truth, as were thousands of others. Yes, there is a silver lining to every dark cloud.
1 am in the process of proving that my ancestry fought for the
Respectfully Submitted, Thomas A. McClain Cameron, South Carolina
2	- March/April 2005
Southern Mercury
Southern cause in the WBTS. Mv
J
paternal great-grandmother, Josephine Rickert, who was from Vicksburg, MS, in 1843 must have had relatives that fought for the gray. If anyone has any information on the Rickerts of Vicksbu rg> pi ease let me know.
Keep up the good work. Sincerely,
Stephen Kippenburger
10211 Huy 32
Ste. Genevieve, MO 63670
Who knows what Greeley thought about the South
To the Editor:
It was very helpful for Mr. Howard Ray White of Charlotte, NC, to write about the real reasons
behind the War of Northern Agression and his letter to the editor in the January/February 2005 issue of the Southern Mercury.
Horace Greeley( 1811-1872) was indeed a very important propagandist in the North. It is well known by Southerners that most encyclopedias are somewhat biased in favor of the North concerning the War of 1861-1865; however, according to Britannica, Greeley founded The New York Tribune after editing several other publications in New York — all anti-South. He was a liberal Whig and later became a liberal Republican. (Who knows what kind of Republican Lincoln was?)
According to World Book, Greeley founded a “Co-operative Community” in Colorado, north of Denver, later called Greeley — after
Horace, of course. This was in 1870 the same year our great hero died — General Robert Edward Lee.
With Greeley’s record of having carried the column of Karl Marx in his New York Tribune, and after the War — establishing a Socialist colony in Colorado — it seems there is still much to be discussed about Horace Greeley.
To quote from World Book; “Greeley’s writings and remarks were widely quoted. The phrase Go West, Young Man became a byword after Greeley popularized it.”
Pehaps the Southern people were more complex than Greeley thought.
Henry L. Yarbrough Pfafftown, NC
JOHN GREEN 1 CO. REALTORS		
"On the Historic Town Square" 108 Mulberry Collierville, Tennessee 38017 www.johngreen.com Office: (901) 853-0763 Fax: (901) 853-7682 Green & Sons Storage •	Climate-Control Unite • Boat & RV Parking •	Free, 24-Hour Access • Truck Rental •	Packing Supplies • Security Cameras •	Professional Friendly • Individual Alarmed Unite Service		Signs of All types Lowest Prices Available
		We Will Not Be Undersold
		SCV 3’ x 8’ Camp Banners Starting at $55.00
		1-800-317-4461
(901)861-7464 wff		114 Freewill Circle Lexington, NC 27296
731 Chaney Drive • Collierville, TN 38017 (901)861-7481		Southern Owned and Operated
Southern Mercury
March/April 200'S	3
Licensed in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia
Phone (336) 221-9170 • Fax (336) 221-9171 3032-A Rock Hill Road, Suite 300 Burlington, NC 27215
barryl@stonewallconstructionservices.com
W.W.ViW^W.
4 — March/April 2005
Southern Mercury
E G I M i N T
Museum of Confederate History
15 Boyce Ave. • Greenville, SC 29601 • 864-421-9039 • www.confederatemuseum.org
Owned and operated by SCV Camp 36 Sons of Confederate Veterans, the Museum and Library is staffed and supported entirely by volunteers.
This wonderful institution is dedicated to the sacred memory of the Confederate soldier. Our Library is a first class resource center. We desperately need your help and financial support for our new building fund.
Contributions are greatly appreciated and are tax deductible. Donations may be sent to the address above. Contact us at our website: www.confederatemuseum.org.
For group tours and information contact Museum Director, Ron Hamilton 864-268-0713
HOURS
PERATION
Wednesday......10 a.m. - 3 p.m.
Friday...............1 p.m. - 9	p.m.
Saturday.......10	a.m.	—	5	p.m.
Sunday..........1	p.m.	-	5	p.m.
16th South Carolina Regiment Camp 36
Greenville, SC
Southern Mercury
March/April 2005 —- 5
to Education
Education Superintendent Pulls Out All The Stops
By Reverend Robert Slimp
South Carolina
Superintendent of Education Inez Tenenbaum made an all-out attempt to prevent past Sons of Confederate Veterans Commander-in-Chief Ron Wilson from taking his seat on the state School Board after he had been elected by the Anderson County Legislative delegation to a four-year term on the 18-member body.
Tenenbaum, who, on November 2, was defeated by a landslide for the United States Senate by then Representative Jim DeMint, apparendy based her objections on information supplied to her by the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery, Alabama. Mark Potok, director of the Centers Intelligence Project which tracks racist groups :,aid that Wilsons appointment “should send chills down the spines of all South Carolinians. Otl ter groups that immediately jumped on the SPLCs bandwagon were the NAACP and the Anti Defamation League. I he charge implied that the SCV itself is a suspect group,
I he main charge was that Wilson once sold textbooks to parents who home schooled their children. Most of the books were
published by Bob Jones University, but one book stood out, a book which Morris Dees called “a vicious anti-Semitic tome” named Barbarians At The Gate. This caused Inez Tenenbaum to appeal to the Anderson County Legislators to have another election and remove Ron Wilson from the School Board. Wilson said that he sold these book between about five to eight years ago, and that he didn’t have time to read everything in all of them. He did admit that there were a couple of paragraphs in Barbarians with which he did not agree, but said that it was available at Books-A-Million, Barnes and Noble and other large book sellers.
Tenenbaum said that “I’m not acquainted with Mr. Wilson, but what I have read and heard about him is very troubling, particularly his links to racist and anti-Semitic activities.
Tenenbaum was obviously referring to his office as the immediate past SCV commander-in-chief, showing her total ignorance of our very distinguished heritage organization. Mark Potok also accused Wilson of using his office as SCV commander to “purge
more than 300 politically moderate members.” This is a total lie. Ron Wilson has used his position to recommend to the SCV’s Executive Committee to remove three or four individuals who were guilty of leaking privileged informatic which they heard while attendi. ; National Executive Committee meetings, and who made the accusations that Commander V ilson was trying to politicize the national organization. That charge stems from the fact that Wilson has always contended that the SCV must live up to General Stephen Dill Lee's Charge and defend itself against all who attack Southern history and
4
symbols in their attempt to commit political genocide against everything Confederate. The members who elected Wilson as commander knew about his stance and that is why they voted for him. Ron Wilson is a robust Southern conservative who loves the Southland with ail his heart and believes in defending; o
C*
heritage against scurrilous attack' with a malignant attempt to pair a totally false picture of Southern history and our noble ancestors.
Surely in South Carolina thetv is a place for such a man on the
6 March/April 2005
Southern Mm0)
stare school hoard. A majority of people think like he does on these issues. Southern history is only taught in the Palmetto state in politically correct terms that Morris Dees, the SPLC, the NAACP and ADL heartily approve. American history in the classroom does not tell the truth about our founding fathers, the Revolutionary War, the Constitution and how we came to be the greatest nation in the world. For example, Patrick Henry and Paul Revere are only given one paragraph in high school text books. According to the texts, Abraham Lincoln never did anything that was wrong and Jefferson Davis never did anything that was right. Ron Wilson is definitely needed to see that history is taught truthfully, if for no other reason.
Inez Tenenbaum did manage to orchestrate an attack to keep Wilson off the board, but she didn’t get the support she expected. Will Folks, the media spokesman for Mark Sanford, said, “the governor has absolutely nothing to do with and no authority over a legislative appointment.
This is strictly the business of the Anderson County delegation.”
Rep. Ronnie Townsend, who chairs the House Education Committee said he was unaware of Wilson’s affiliations. “I knew he was a member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, but so are about 9 or 10 senators and maybe about 17 house members. He’ll be just one on a board of 18, so it’s not like he’ll have dictatorial rights over the state.”
Mrs. Tenenbaum did have two powerful allies, the State newspaper, Columbia’s daily which belligerently charged “the Anderson County legislative delegations appointment to the state school board of Ron
Past Commander-in-Chief of the Sons of Confederate Veterans Ron Wilson seated in his office under a portrait of Jefferson Davis.
Wilson, a man widely know for racist and anti-Semitic views, is a travesty on all counts. Mr. Wilson holds no known qualifications to oversee public school policy.”
The sources that State cites for its bellicose stand are “the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center. ’ 1 he slate has admitted in other editorials
that if the only way to remove the Confederate Flag from the state house grounds is to move the Confederate Monument, too, then, let’s move both.
The State's editorial policy supports abortion, Gay Rights and a host of other politically correct
Continued on page 26
Southern Mercury
March/April 2005
7
The Greatest Presidential Reflection
Since Lincoln?
by Thomas J. DiLorenzo
T he neocons have spun into fits of Lincolnite hysteria over President Bush’s inaugural speech in which he promised to rid the planet of tyranny, William Kristol informed a Fox News Channel audience that it was the best presidential speech “since Lincoln freed the slaves.”
Just what speech of Lincolns he was referring to remains a mystery. Then on National Review Online, Michael Novak declared that Bushs speech was “without question the greatest presidential reflection since Lincoln about the meaning of liberty to the nature of the United States.”
When the neocons and other Lincoln cultists refer to Lincoln’s inaugural addresses they almost
always refer t<		) h	is second address,
in which f	it a	bst	>lved himself of all
responsibii	liry	foi	r the war, claiming
that the w;	ar s	jrn	ply came, totally
unexpected	cily.	H	c then blamed the
whole 1 >\(H.	>dy	mi	ess on (jod. 1 he
Lord was i	>un	ish	mg America for the
sin of slave	*ry,	he	said, presuming
to know w	hat	Wi	as in flit mind oi
( j(jd 0'!(;	did	IK	it propose a theory
as to why i	the	Hr	nish, Spanish,
I) Ult.li 1 ft	me!	b. j	11h 1 1 Janes weic
President George W. Bush
not similarly punished for the same sin). But Lincolns first inaugural address is much longer, much more substantive, and more revealing of the real Lincoln.
Most of Lincoln’s speeches were the tongue-twisting stem-winders that arc the mark of a diabolically clever politician. One usually has to lead page after page of confusing but
slick political rhetoric bet e getting to the substantive point, which is eventually exposed. So let’s try to translate some of his first inaugural address into plain English.
The first point he made was to defy anyone to find any evidence in any of his speeches or statement that he ever had any intention at all to disturb Southern slavery. He pledged his undying support for the protection of Southern slavery, and said that it would be criminal of him to not do so. In his own words, he quoted from an old speech of his: “I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.”
Furthermore, he said, the Republican Party was certainly awatf that he did not favor interfering with Southern slavery when it nominated him. “Those who nominated and elected me did so with hill knowledge that 1 had made this ain many similar declarations and had never recanted them.”
lo make the point even more forcefully, 1 incoln quoted the
Southern /Wen*
n
Man h/Apul 2005
Republican Party Platform plank which pledged the defense of southern slavery: “Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the States, and especially the right of each State to order and control its own domestic institutions according to its own judgment exclusively, is essential ... and we do denounce the lawless invasion by armed force of the soil of any State or Territory, no matter what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes” (emphasis added). “Domestic institutions,” of course, meant slavery.
“I now reiterate these statements,” Lincoln then announced to the world. He next pledged his “cheerful” enforcement of the constitutional protection of slavery, including the Fugitive Slave Act. He mentioned that all members of Congress swore an oath to obey the Constitution, which included the Fugitive Slave Clause, and proposed that a law be passed to further codify the responsibility of the federal government to see to it that runaway slaves were “delivered up” to their owners, as he put it. Such a law, he said, would command unanimous support. (Keep in mind that on the day of Lincoln’s first inauguration, the seven states of the lower South had seceded and their senators and representatives had left Washington. The overwhelming majority of Congress was comprised of northerners who, Lincoln was sure, would unanimously support the stronger enforcement of the Fugitive Slave Clause.
Indeed, just two days earlier the Northern-dominated US Senate passed a proposed constitutional amendment that would have forbidden the federal government
from ever interfering with Southern slavery. This (first) thirteenth amendment read “No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which will authorize or give to Congress the power to abolish or interfere, within any State, with the domestic institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor or service by the laws of said State” (US House of Representatives, 106th Congress, 2nd Session, The Constitution of the United States of America: Unratified Amendments, Document No. 106-214, presented by Congressman Henry Hyde (Washington, DC: US Government Printing Office, January 31, 2000).
This amendment had passed the Northern-dominated House of Representatives on February 28, 1861. Two days after the amendment passed the senate, Lincoln pledged his support for it in his first inaugural address: “I understand a proposed amendment to the Constitution ... has passed Congress, to the effect that the Federal Government shall never interfere with the domestic institutions of the States, including that of persons held to service.
To avoid misconstruction of what I have said, I depart from my purpose, not to speak of particular amendments, so far as to say that, holding such a provision to now be implied constitutional law, I have no objection to its being made express and irrevocable ’ (emphasis added). Coming from the president of the United States, this was a much stronger defense of slavery than was ever made by John C. Calhoun or any other Southerner. On the same day that the US Senate passed this (first) thirteenth amendment, President James Buchanan signed
Southern Mercury
The White House in Washington, DC.
into law the Morrill Tariff, which more than doubled the average tariff rate. The US House of Representatives had passed the bill during the 1859-60 session, long inriore Lincolns election or the secession of any Southern state, h received only one vote from a ujftgrcssman from one of the states that would eventually secede ■ Tennessee),
Lincoln was a protectionist tor all of Ins political life; he owed ijj. nomination to Pennsylvania protect loniaui; told a Pittsburgh audience two weeks before his inaugural that no issue — none — is more impt/itani to (jjngress than raising the tariff rate; and would lurthci raise the tariff rate ten times during Ins administration. He was
also aware that the last time the Whigs — which by then had been politically morphed into Republicans — attempted to double the average tariff rates, South Carolinians nullified the tariff, refused to collect it, and forced President Andrew Jackson to compromise and lower the hated 1828 Tariff of Abominations. Lincoln, however, was not about to back down as Andrew Jackson did. On the issue of slavery, he was one hundred percent accommodating, even going so far as to support the enshrinement of Southern slavery explicitly in the Constitution. Hut on the issue of tax collection, he was one hundred percent uncompromising. “Pay up or die,” he essentially told the South.
Not in these exact words, or course,
but in the weasel words of a skilled trial lawyer/politician.
Here’s what he actually said — “[T]here needs to be no bloodshed or violence, and there shall be none unless it be forced upon the national authority. ” And how might it be forced? Failure on the part of any state to collect the newly-doubled tariff, that’s how. After staring that
9	v
he assumed the power to ‘possess the property and places belonging to the Government, ” he said he "•*' also obligated “to collect the dutio and imposts; but beyond what may be necessary tor these ob there will be no invasion, no * force against or among the f*' anywhere. ”	j
Vie Confederates had	^
to pay tor any federal prop'1
iP'	jftiutb*fU ^
10 Maich/Apnl 2005
Southern soil (federal forts were there for their protection anyway), as well as their share of the federal debt. Lincoln refosed to even discuss this with them. Fully 95 percent of all federal revenue came from tariffs in 1860, and with the Southern states seceding, a large portion of that amount would go uncollected. The seceded states were not about to send any checks to Washington, DC. Fail to pay the newly-doubled tariff tax, Lincoln said, and there will be an invasion. He would not back down to the South Carolina tax resisters, as Andrew Jackson did. (Two weeks after Fort Sumter, where no one was wounded or killed, Lincoln announced a naval blockade of the Southern ports and gave only one reason for it: tariff collection).
This would be the equivalent of President Bush saying, “My fellow Americans, we have decided to double everyone’s federal income tax rate. And if you refuse to pay, federal soldiers will be sent en masse to make you pay, burning out your homes and destroying your cities, towns, business and farms if necessary.” The South refused to pay, and Lincoln kept his word, launching a full-scale invasion of all the Southern states and waging total war on them for four years, eventually killing 300,000 of them out of a population of approximately nine million. This was three percent of the Southern population. Standardizing for todays population of roughly 280 million, that would be the equivalent of 8,400,000 American deaths.
Lincoln proclaimed that the Union, which he always spelled with capital letters, was “mystic.” This was a surprise to most Americans at the time who believed that
the union was voluntary and not mystical and perpetual. Indeed, when the Constitution replaced the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union, the words “perpetual union” were dropped and appear nowhere in the Constitution. This sudden insistence on keeping the union, which was in reality a compact of the free, independent, and sovereign states, intact at any price only makes sense in light of Lincolns statements and actions regarding the tariff. Slavery was more secure in the union than out of it, as both the abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison and Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens publicly admitted. But the union needed to be kept intact if sufficient taxes were to be collected for success of the Republican Party in fulfilling its 1860 Platform promise of massive corporate welfare spending on the railroad corporations and road-building companies (“internal improvements”). Without Southern tariff collection this could not be accomplished. Worse yet, the Confederate Constitution had outlawed protectionist tariffs altogether, creating a free-trade zone in the South. Much of the commerce of the world would have been diverted from Northern to Southern ports, which is why Republican Party-affiliated newspapers were calling for the bombardment of Southern ports before Fort Sumter. Abraham Lincolns political career would have been ruined, and that was just unacceptable.
It appears that neocon pundits like William Kristol and Michael Novak are largely unfamiliar with Lincoln’s own speeches and, more importantly, his actions, and of much of American history of that
period in general. Instead, what they seem to know about the period is what Harry Jaffa has written about it. A hallmark of all of Jaffa’s writings on Lincoln is that they are largely devoid of facts regarding actual American history. Instead, they are largely Straussian reinterpretations of political speeches. He claims to find myriad “hidden meanings” in Lincoln’s speeches that Lincoln himself never revealed. These reinterpretations are used to literally rewrite or reinvent history, even when they are flatly contradicted by actual historical facts and events. And they result in absurdity piled upon absurdity, like this statement in Jaffa’s latest book on Lincoln: “Negroes have voting rights and serve on juries today owing in large measure to the fact that Lincoln in the 1850s disavowed any intention to make them voters or jurors.”
Your guess is a good as mine.
Only someone who believes such nonsensical doubletalk could also believe George W. Bush when he claims to be capable of eliminating tyranny from the face of the earth.
Thomas J. DiLorenzo is the author of The Real Lincoln: A New Look at Abraham Lincoln, His Agendaj and an Unnecessary War (Three Rivers Press/ Random House). His latest book is How Capitalism Saved America: The Untold Story of Our Country's History from the Pilgrims to the Present (Crown Forum/Random House, August 2004). Copyright © 2005 LewRockwell.com where this essay first appeared.
Southern Mercury
March/April 2005	1	|
Unde Seth Fought the Yankees
Charge of the
Confederate Li
by James Ronald Kennedy
encle Seth worked slowly as he carefully
split the fat lighter pine that would serve as kindling wood for the kitchen stove. The smell of pine rosin engulfed the entire wood pile. The old red oak chopping block was conveniently located to allow Uncle Seth to keep an eye out down the lane road. He knew that young children would soon be home from school. The old home place seemed so quiet without them; although he got more work done without them being underfoot, somehow work did not seem as important to him as it once did. Strange, thought Uncle Serb, how the fading generation in the home served as a bridge to the youngest generation.
"Unde Seth!" his great-grandchildren cried out in unison. “Guess what we learned about in school today?”
"Well, now, if you learned anything at all* it will be a great improvement for your hard heads,” joked Unc It Seth.
"Unde Seth, we learned about the charge of the Light Brigade!” exclaimed Joe William.
“Ah, yes, the Light Brigade — half
Unde Seth
position as expert on all things related to the military sdi ences.
“Uncle Seth, did you all ever make such a heroic charge?” Joe William asked the old Confederate veteran — fully confident that his Uncle Seth was more than equal to anything recorded in a textbook.
“I recall one of the most daring and dangerous charges ever made during the war, by Colonel Win Adams Regiment back in 1862,” Uncle Seth began as
he looked at the art sketching in Joe William s textbook depicting the Light Brigades famous charge. “It was the first day of September and after failing to dislodge a well-entrenched federal force in his front, General Armstrong called upon Colonel Adams Regiment of cavalry to do the job. Up ahead was a long road, with deep gullies on both sides of the narrow road, a high stake-and-rid^ fence on each side for the enemy to hid1 behind, and directly across the road
ahead was two Yankee artillery pi^°
-
supported by additional troops. In . tion there was plenty of heavy brus 11 small trees for the Yankee skirnikb to hide behind. All in all there was around 2.000 V
a league, half a league, volley and thunder as 1 recall,” replied Uncle Seth, attempting to maintain his assumed kee troops, plus two artillery pieces ready to
\ i	ivfardi/April 2005



charge,” Uncle Seth said with a sigh.
“Were you scared, Uncle Seth?” Joe William blurted
out.
“At times like that you don’t have time to be scared, you just automatically do what you’ve been trained to do,” admitted Uncle Seth. “Now to make matters worse,” Uncle Seth declared with emphasis, “that road was so narrow that we could only form up in fours. As we emerged onto the road we could see the death trap that awaited us, but we promptly obeyed the order Attention! Gallop! Charge!’ and as soon as we began our forward movement, the entire roadway began to spew fire and smoke toward us! We were at point-blank range, not more than one hundred and fifty yards from the muzzles of their guns. Their cannons were vomiting double charges of grape and canister at us as fast as they could load and fire. All the while their infantry poured a devastating fire on us from both sides of the road. The Yankees had an enfilading fire on us from their cannons. One round shot could have gone through almost our entire regiment.”
Uncle Seth paused as he collected his thoughts and caught his breath — even these many years passed and still his heart races as it did on that day: “1 can still hear the bugle sounding the charge and the mighty rebel yell resounding above the roar to Yankee cannon and musket fire. Colonel Adams was mounted on a beautiful cream-colored mare. He was at the very head of our column,
leading the charge. Those of us behind could not see because of the dust and smoke. We just kept pressing our mounts forward as the head of the column went down with each successive blast of the Yankee cannons. Soon we were stumbling over our own dead and wounded — both man and beast. We just kept pressing forward. Sergeant Major Lee Brisco — Sergeant Brisco’s sister lived at Port Gibson, Mississippi, during the war — and Lieutentant Montgomery were at Colonel Adams’ side as they rode over the Yankee cannons, and both were cut down before we could reach them. Shortly after that Captain Bondurant went down when his horse was shot from beneath him. But despite the enemy’s superiority in numbers, entrenched positions, and their possession of well-placed cannons, we nonetheless rode right over them and captured their cannons. The Yanks supportim the cannons took to their heels. You could not imagine my surprise when I saw Colonel Adams still mounted on his mare. He had his war face on, his eyes looked like panther eyes, and his pistol barrel was still smoking. His beautiful mare was blowing blood from her nostrils with each labored breath. Even though we had won the guns, we did not have enough men left to keep them if the Yanks ordered a counterattack. Lucky for us, General Armstrong sent in some dismounted troops to assist us.” Uncle Seth seemed exhausted from the telling of his story.
Continued on page 34
Southern Mercury
March/April 2003 - 13
A look at the Yankee problem in America
By J.D. Haines, MD
-w1 TF" TFhenever I speak about the Yankee problem in America, I of-
/ ten receive curious reactions. People who otherwise consider ^ #V / themselves educated and sophisticated regard me as either ec-▼	▼	centric	or	extremist.	Since	I	am	neither,	but	merely a student
of the most momentous event in American history, the War for Southern Independence, I have to explain my meaning.
The most enduring outcome of the war is that Yankees have so completely remade America into their own image. To examine this process, it is important to understand that while Yankees are Northerners, not all Northerners are Yankees. The traditional Yankee is from the section of the Northeast known as New England.
I he term Yankee was known as early as 1784, when an American dictionary quoted a British visitor as remarking,
“New Englanders are disliked by inhabitants of all other provinces, by whom they are called Yankeys New Englanders were the dour Puritans who im-
bued themselves with a righteous moral superiority over all others. As Professor Thomas DiLorenzo has written, the Yankee was characterized as, “arrogant, hypocritical, unfriendly, condescending, intolerant, extremely self-righteous and believing that he and his were Gods
chosen people.”
The rest of the country resented this self-proclaimed false superiority, but failed to realize what a destructive foio! it would one day unleash, 1 1 the true Yankee is never con e unless he is imposing his su\ posed moral superiority upo others. That, in a nutshell,NN why the North conquered
Generations of Southerners have been taught the Yankee lies that have been passed off as history.
in*
14 March/April 2005
Southern
South*
Unfortunately, Yankees are alive and well today. One of the finest examples, according to historian Dr. Clyde Wilson, is Hillary Clinton. According to
J	O
Wilson, “she is a museum-quality specimen of a Yankee — self-righteous, ruthless, self-aggrandizing.'’ Yankees are quick to take credit for accomplishments which are not their own and to blame others for their mistakes. Revision of history to promote Yankee virtues is so pervasive in academia and our public (government) schools, that questioning the status quo is viewed as heretical.
Questioning the sainthood of Abraham Lincoln, for example, is blasphemous. Never mind that he gave the order for the largest mass execution in American history or made war on his own countrymen, resulting in over 620,000 dead American soldiers. Yankees have so distorted history that Americans readily accept Lincolns two greatest lies — that the war was fought to preserve the Union and free the slaves.
True causes of the War
Both of these notions are completely false. The true causes of the war were anger and fear in the South, and greed and power in the North. It was not even a civil war, as the Yankees call it, because the South never sought to overthrow the US government.
The South only intended to secede from a Union it had voluntarily entered, like several New England states had threatened earlier in the centurv. But Lincoln and his radical Republican government had no intention of losing power over the South and relinquishing revenue from the wealthy Southern states.
American history as it is taught in schools makes no mention of the fortunes made in Newport, Rhode Island, and Boston, Massachusetts, in the slave trade. Neither is mention made of New England slavery. Nor of the tax revenues made by the federal government for the sale of slaves. As slaves became uneconomical in the industrialized North, they were sold down South and excluded from Northern states.
Saint Abraham?
Greatest spin in American history But in one of the greatest spins in American history, the New England Yankees have succeeded in blaming the South for the very institution of slavery. Thus today, the myth remains that the righteous Yankees defeated the evil slave-holding Southerners. Generations of Southerners have been taught the Yankee lies that have been passed off as history. Southerners have a duty to educate their children that their ancestors were a noble people who represented the best that this nation had to offer. It is long past time for the truth to be told.
J.D. Haines, MD, has been a family practitioner for more than twenty years. He served on active duty in the US Air Force during the Persian Gulf War. He is a proud descendant of Tennessee ancestors who fought in the War for Southern Independence, and he is a brigade commander in the Oklahoma Division of the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
®|it ®tmes examiner
The Conservative Weekly Newspaper
Featuring News and Views with a
Traditional Southern Flavor
Unreconstructed Annual Subscription only $22
For a free sample copy,
Call (864) 268-0576
Email: TheTimesExaminer@myexcel.com
or write:
The Times Examiner
44E-2 Pine Knoll Drive, Greenville, SC 29609
Published and Edited by Sons of Confederate Patriots
Southern Mercury
March/April 200‘S	15
RUFTOP FI AG
COWTOERATC MEMORIAL &OK
Call (888) 884-8524 for CREDIT CARD ORD Ksj
314 WATER STREET (adjacent to Robert Toombs home), WASHINGTON, GEORGI 30673 (706) 678-1342 or (706) 456-3000, fax (706) 678-1347, WWW.USFLAGKING.COM flagkingf msn.com
CSA Cavalry Officer's Sword w/presentation box... $40
The Men In Grey by Cave & A Southern View Of The Invasion Of The Southern States by Ashe $12/set or $36 per dozen per title, required reading for all Southern Patriots.
CSA 3 Flags Cap ... $12 each
CSA 7 Flag Pin Collection $10 each or $60/dozen
or $48/dozen
Confederate Battle Flag Red Silk Ties $30 each, matching set Bow lie & Cumberbund ... $40/set
Cherry Wood Triangle Flag Case ... $36 Cotton sewn display flags 5' x 8' Battle Flag or 5' x 9.5' USA ... $44
Grave Marker 12"X18" Flags w/30" Wood Staffs for Confederate Memorial Day Selection: Battle Hag 12"X12" & 12"X18", Stars & Bars, 2nd, 3rd, Bonnie Blue, Polk, Missouri Battle, Mississippi, Georgia, SC Battle, NC Battle...$l Each/144 Assort'd, Min. 12/Design.
Grave Marker 4"X6" Flags Mounted on Iff Staffs: Battle Hag 4"X4" & 4"X6", Stars & Bars, 2nd, 3rd, Bonnie Blue...$0.50 Each/144 Assorted, Min. 12 /Design.
Confederate Polar f leece Stadium Blanket*.-$18 larh or $96/Dozen Polar f leece Pillow* $10 Each
Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson Knives $24/set or $72 per dozen assorted
All-Sewn Confederate Battle Flag Comforter 0^'" & Shams: Twin $50, Full or Queen $60, King $70
§CV Member 2005 Discount: Free Freight Over $200! Complimentary Battle Playing With tech	Order!Call (706) 456-3000 Or (706) 678-1342 For Immediate Assistance, Credit Card
ZM-iJ? Orders Call 880-884-3524. Add $6 Freight For Mail Orders To Ruffin Flag Co.
314 WAI IK ST KEPT, WASHINGTON, GEORGIA 30673. Ruffin Flag's 125,000 SF Headquarters is adjacent to Cun federate Genera! Hubert Toombs Hume and State Park, www.usflagklng.com & flagking*hnsn.eom
Man.li/Apnl 2005
„N'imthrm M‘‘nh
By Dr. Timothy Wyatt
Qn March 18, 1861, the First National Flag of the Confederacy flew for the first time in North Carolina over the Franklin County Courthouse in Louisburg, NC. The flag, commonly known as the Stars and Bars, was designed by Franklin County native Major Orren Randolph Smith, a Mexican War veteran who resigned his commission in the US Army to promote the Confederate cause. Learning that his flag design had been adopted by the Confederate government, Smith organized a secession rally in Louisburg and raised his flag at the courthouse.
Today, 30 miles southwest of Louisburg, that same design flies each year in early March over the State Capitol in Raleigh, NC — the last Confederate national flag to fly in a position of sovereignty over any Southern state. In addition to Confederate Flag Day in early March, the Stars and Bars is raised over the State Capitol on Robert E. Lee’s birthday (January 19) and Confederate Memorial Day (May 10 in North Carolina). Both are official state holidays, accordirfg to NC Ceneral Statute 103-4* The purpose of this
article is to document how this came to be, and to present a model for other states to follow.
As was the case in many Southern states, North Carolina formed a Confederate Centennial Commission in 1960 to plan the state s centennial activities commemorating the War Between the States. That commission recommended that the Confederate Flag fly over the State Capitol during the centennial anniversary years of 1961-63. Other states, notably Alabama and South Carolina, were doing the same.
The recommendation was ratified by the General Assembly on June 13, 1961. It was resolved “that the Confederate Flag be flown over the State Capitol and other State buildings on Confederate Memorial Day (May 10) and on other appropriate days.”1 The resolution also “recommended that the use of the Confederate flag be confined to dignified purposes and events.” Beginning in 1962, the Confederate battle flag was flown over the State Capitol each year on Confederate Memorial Day.
This practice continued beyond the centennial anniversary, and in 1976 the Battle Flag was still flown
annually over the Stall Capitol. Thai year, when Jimmy Cat ter was elected president, Jim Hunt was elected governor of North Carolina on a similar New South Democratic platform.
Hunt wanted to end the practice, but also wanted to avoid a bruising legislative battle over Confederat symbols. Because the 1961 resoli tion did not specify which Confe erate Flag was to be flown over th Capitol, Hunt s staff claimed that they discovered that the wrong flag was being flown. North Carolina’s Confederate government would have flown a national flag over the Capitol, they argued, and what better flag to fly than one designed in North Carolina? Thus, throughout Hunt’s first eight-year term as governor, the First National Confederate flag was flown on Confederate Memorial Day.2
Hunt had replaced the Confederate Battle Flag with the less-recognizable Stars and Bars in an attempt to diminish the Confederacy However, the Sons of Confederate Veterans (SCV) turned this to thei advantage. Since the First National Flag had been designed by a North Carolinian, and the 1961 resolution called for the Confederate Flag to
J 8	March/April 2005
Southern Mmwy
pictured is part of a flag display around the rotunda of the NC State Capitol during a Confederate
Flag Day observance.
raised over the State Capitol on her appropriate days,” why not 'Id an annual Confederate Flag 7 celebration at the Capitol? After I nt left office in the 1980s, SCV r :ers approached the NC Depart-n u of Cultural Resources (DCR) pith the idea. DCR staffers agreed *Jth the plan, and presented the ^commendation to the new Repub-lcan governor, Jim Martin.
Martin was more than happy to l0re UP support with his Confeder-
^ heritage voting base, and in 1989
era^ ^aroFna celebrated Confed-te lag Day with a flag-raising I ^rern°ny at Ae State Capitol.3 The ajj }m°ny also included displays of
‘nsilrCe nati0nal Confederate Fla&s
her * C ^apltol rotunda, as well as
l^onfederate Battle Flag and the
Urtrr con
This provoked outrage from the state s black leadership. Democratic state Rep. Mickey Michaux, chair of the Black Legislative Caucus, said, “We don’t need symbols of something like the Civil War reminding us of past times.” NAACP state President Kelly Alexander Jr. said,
“If six guys want to gather around an
oak tree in front of the state house nd say they 11 never forget the days
,f the Confederacy, then fine. The ^
will forget them.”
an
o
i Confederacy, ___
rest of our society will forget them/ However, the SCV stood firm and withstood the initial controversy
by presenting the Bags in a distin-' | honorable manner, and
by presenting m
guished and honorable JflH by not providing fodder for the Bags Opponents. Byron Brady, North Car-
'*— Division Commander, told the
m frv to educate
P. °rth Carolina state flag, com- u*v r
Flags
*------Mirtn flag. rib
olina Division
press, ‘‘The idea is to try to educate the public on the true Confederate ^U***.” Neil Tolbert, a reenactor wi
the 26th North Carolina Regiment, said, “It’s unfortunate that we have racism connected with the Battle
Flag.”
The Confederate Flag Day proclamation was so well-received by a majority of North Carolinians that Governor Martin saw it as an opportunity to solve another problem. Although Robert E. Lee’s birthday was an official state holiday, it had been taken over in the 1980s by a group of white supremacists known as the White Patriot Party, which had been holding an annual demonstration at the Capitol on that day.4 Martin felt that this annual rally did not meet the dignified criteria for Confederate Flag displays that was specified in the 1961 resolution. In January 1989, Martin had the Capitol lawn
whh
Continued on page JO
The Fifth in a series of Five Installments
How Abe Lincoln Incited
War
April 4 through April 19,1861
By Howard Ray White
It took the Lincoln Administration 16 days to carry out the military scheme aimed at gaining its pretense for war. These 16 days are described day by day in my book, Bloodstains\ An Epic History of the Politics that Produced the American Civil War.
The story, as told in Bloodstains, is presented in our magazine as five serial presentations. The fifth and final installment is presented below.
We now resume the daily
countdown to the start of the American Civil War.
It is April 14, 1861.
April 16 Stephen Douglas’ endorsement of Abe Lincoln’s Proclamation of War was widely published throughout the remaining United States and the Confederacy. Biographer Robert Johannsen would describe the intense anger seen in a sampling of the few Southern States friends who had stayed with Douglas in hopes he might advocate peaceful separation.
A man in St. Louis wired Douglas, “Do you endorse Lincoln’s war policy? Missouri will not.” A Virginian warned, “future generations will condemn you for the course you are
now pursuing.” Another Southern States friend condemned Douglas for uniting “with the [Exclusionists and Abolitionists], in carrying on Mr. Lincoln’s unholy, infernal war upon the [Confederacy].” But Johannsen would conclude, “No one was more upset and dejected than Thomas Gilmer, who had been working tirelessly on behalf of Douglas and the [Federation] in Virginia.” On April 17, Gilmer would write:
“The period for words is past. The time for war is on hand. And may the God of battles crush to the earth and consign to eternal perdition, [Abe] Lincoln, his Cabinet and ‘aiders and abettors,’ in this cruel, needless, corrupt betrayal of the conservative men of the [former Southern States]. We would have saved the [remaining Federation], but for the fatuity and cowardice of this infernal Administration ... I hope you will not aid or countenance so detestable [a vulgar and ostentatious display]. Should you do so, time will never heal the wound which you will thus have inflicted on as true friends as any man ever had. God forbid that I may ever live to see the day, when Stephen Douglas can stoop so low as to take by the hand, such ... as Abe
Stephen Douglas
Lincoln and his Cabinet.”
While Jeff Davis met with his Cabinet to discuss defensive measures to meet the upcoming Federal invasion, the Federal Navy’s most powerful warship, the Powhatan, continued toward Fort Pickens. Unlike the Lincoln Administration, Davis’ Cabinet did not need to invent a basis for circumventing their Constitution. The Confederate House and Senate had previously authorized Davis to call up as many as
100.000	volunteers as a contingency. The Confederate Cabinet met all morning. That afternoon Jeff Davis issued a Proclamation asking for
32.000	of the 100,000 authorized
22	March/April 200$
Southern Mercury
^ufttccrs. Davis would have called more men, but the Confederacy V,nlv had arms for 32,000. Biogra-nher Hudson Strode would tell that long Jeff Davis would observe .Aoer volunteers “pouring into the [Confederate] capital by railway cars and in farm wagons, on thoroughbreds and on mules. And many a rural fellow, with his ‘hunting piece’ across his shoulder, [would arrive] on toot."
Northern States’ newspapers generally gave strong support to Lincolns Proclamation of War. Apparently aiming to mislead their readers into supporting an allegedly painless war, newspapers across the northern States of the Federation, dispensing propaganda, predicted quick, efficient victory. The Chicago Tribune predicted victory “within rwo or three months at the furthest”
! because “Illinois can whip the [Confederacy, and any additional States that might secede,] by herself.” The New York Times predicted victory in one month. Horace Greeley’s news-pa| r, the New York Tribune, as-sur i its readers “that Jeff Davis and Cg ipany will be swinging from the barcements at Washington [(. jy]
..by the 4th of July.” On the other hand, newspapers in the Confederacy and in the Southern States that remained in the Federation reported the Proclamation was a great tragedy for both nations, a tragedy that would haunt many a Northern hurts’ family for years to come.
April 17 i he Powhatan arrived at Fort Pickens on April 17. She was heav-»y disguised to look like a freighter and Hew the British Hug to further {he deception. Hudson Strode would Write, ‘ So cleverly camouflaged wav
Southern Mercury
One of the Federal fleet
the warship that even those who knew her well were baffled when she steamed up flying the British colors.” After the Federal fleet, headed by the Powhatan, off-loaded at Fort Pickens, Federal strength inside the fort would be expanded to 992 soldiers with six months’ supplies, and outside the fort to 1,025 soldiers and sailors in four nearby warships. Furthermore, 600 more men were en route on the Minnesota. So Fort Pickens was a major Federal Navy presence just off the coast of the Confederacy.
If Lincoln had any expectation that he could persuade the States near the Confederacy to participate in a Federal invasion of their neigh-
Jefferson 00vis
hors, that foolish dream immediately went up in smoke. 1 he Republican Party did not even exist in this region. It was born of antagonism against this region and the States that had seceded. Additional State secessions quickly followed Lincoln’s Proclamation of War.
Virginia Governor John Letcher refused to send Lincoln any troops. On that day, April 17, the Virginia Convention adopted an Ordinance of Secession by a final vote of 103 versus 46. Most of the dissent was from Delegates from western counties in present-day West Virginia, which were economically tied to the Ohio River Valley. The Ordinance of Secession would become binding when approved by a majority of Virginia voters. Mrs. Pryor, who was at hand in Richmond, wrote that the final vote “was followed by a thrilling moment of silence, succeeded by tears of gladness and deafening shouts of applause.” Ex-President John Tyler assured the gathering, “Generations yet unborn would bless those who had the high privilege of participation in the present struggle.” Another wrote, “As if by magic a new flag, the symbol of the Confederacy, appeared on the Capitol, appeared on all the hills of Richmond, in the windows of houses, in the hands of passengers on the street." Virginia was the “Mother of States.” She had been, by far, the most prominent in winning independence from Britain and in founding the United States of America. She was home to the Federations first four two-term Presidents — Washington, Jefferson, Madison and Monroe - who had collectively overseen the building of the United States into one of earths great nations. That heritage Virginia
March/April 2005 ~~ 25
gave up on April 17 to be rid of vicious sister states to the north and to stand with Jeff Davis and the Confederate States. Rather than elusive neutrality, Virginia firmly chose to face a terrible war of invasion, much of which would be fought on her soil. A northern states friend would ask John Baldwin, leader of the Delegates who voted not to secede, “What will the [Federal] men of Virginia do now?” Baldwin would reply, “We have no [Federal] men in Virginia now; those who were [Federal] men will stand to their guns and make a fight which will stand out on the page of history.”
Upon Virginias adoption of an Ordinance of Secession,
Federal military chiefs reacted swiftly to destroy military supplies within their control in Virginia. The commander of the Federal arsenal at Harpers Ferry burned all the buildings, taking care to ensure that all armaments and all manufacturing machinery was thoroughly engulfed in flames. Then he quickly fled north. He had destroyed 15,000 stands of arms, an amount representing almost half of the 32,000 stands of arms then belonging to the original Confederacy. At the same time the commander of the Federal shipyard at Norfolk torched all buildings, which destroyed valuable steam engines and other machinery. Furthermore, the Federals burned the large warship Pennsylvania and sank 6 others, including the Merrimac. Confederates would move in to salvage what they could. Much of the gun-making machinery at Harpers Ferry would be skillfully salvaged and put back into production at an expanded gun-manufacturing facility in North
Carolina. Salvage work at Norfolk would include raising the burned frigate Merrimac and iron-cladding her to produce the fearsome defensive warship named the Virginia.
So, even before Virginians would vote (78% versus 22%) to ratify the Virginia Ordinance of Secession on May 23, the Lincoln Administration was moving to weaken her ability to repulse the upcoming invasion by Federal forces.
North Carolina Governor John Ellis told Lincoln, “I can be no party to this wicked violation of the laws of the [Federation], and to this war upon the liberties of a free people. You can get no troops from North Carolina.” Anticipating Federal destruction of North Carolina armaments, Ellis shrewdly ordered the State Militia to immediately seize the arsenal at Fayetteville and the three Federal forts located within the State. On May 20, the North Carolina Convention would vote, 120 versus 0, to secede.
Tennessee Governor Isham Harris refused to send the Federal Government any troops. Harris informed Lincoln he would not send one man for the purpose of invading the Confederacy, “but 50,000, if necessary, for the defense of our rights, and
those of our Southern States’ brothers.” The Tennessee State Legislature would approve an Ordinance of Session on May 6, which Tennesseans would vote, by 69% versus 31%, to ratify on June 8.
Arkansas Governor Henry Rector refused to send the Federal Government any troops. Rector informed Lincoln, “The people * f this Commonwealth are freemen, not slaves, and will defend to th last extremity, their honor, liv and property against non rn [States] mendacity and uslfpa-tion.” Rector ordered the Arkansas State Militia to immediately seize the Federal military stores at Napoleon, Arkansas. On May 6 the Arkansas Convention would vote, 69 versus 1, to secede.
Kentucky Governor Beriah Magoffin informed Lincoln,
“I say, emphatically, Kentucky will furnish no troops for the wicked purpose of subduing her sister Southern States.” But Kentucky was in special danger as she bordered the Republican States of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois. The Kentucky State Government would attempt neutrality, neither supporting nor resisting the Federal war campaign, but would rather quickly suffer Federal subjugation.
Missouri Governor Claiborne Jackson informed Lincoln, “Your requisition is illegal, unconstitutional, revolutionary, inhuman and diabolical, and cannot be complied with.” Missouri was extremely exposed to Federal attack, for the Republican States of Illinois, Iowa and Kansas bordered her. Her geography made her the prime western target of Republican invaders. Missouri would suffer internal civil
"7 can be no party to this tricked violation of the laws of the [Federation], and to this war upon the liberties of a free people. You can get no no troops from North Carolina."
— NIC Governor John Ellis
24 Maicli/April 2005
Southern Mercury
v>,1( which Federal forces would >ns«n' concluded with Republican domination ot the Missouri sratc Government.
Delaware Governor Wil-Burton refused to officially vciul the Federal Government jnv troops, hut told the people of that little state that he would not interfere with citizens who organized volunteer companies on their own. Burton realized that any attempt to defend little Delaware against the Federals would be hopeless.
Maryland Governor Thomas
4
Hicks refused to send the Federal government any troops. In fact Marylanders were terrified because they were trapped between Washington City and militant Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, New York, and states all the way to Maine. Marylanders knew their land would become a bloody battlefield in any figF for control of Washington City. Tht sentiment within Maryland was divided. Baltimore and the Eastern Shore strongly sided with the Confederacy; whereas, Harrisburg and the narrow western finger* so exposed to Pennsylvania, wished to remain in the Federation. The
___Maryland State Government would
buckle under the coercion of Northern States’ militia, which would quickly invade from Massachusetts and other Republican States.
April 18 Quickly seeking a position of neutrality for Maryland, Governor J nomas Hicks sought to prevent militiamen from states further north hom crossing through his state.
Hides and Baltimore Mayor George 'r<>wn jointly telegraphed Lincoln April 18, “Send no troops here!”
Alexander Stephens
But their request was ignored.
April 19 On April 19 war combat claimed its first lives. A regiment of Massachusetts militiamen arrived at a Baltimore railroad station. They were on their way to join the invasion force and to coerce the Maryland State Government and prevent secession, but needed to travel across town to the Southern Railroad terminal to change trains. As the Massachusetts militiamen crossed through Baltimore, angry Baltimoreans confronted them and tried to turn them back. Some picked up paving stones being used to pave the street and hurled them at the soldiers. The soldiers responded by firing their muskets at the crowd, killing several Baltimoreans. Then some determined Baltimoreans grabbed muskets from other soldiers in the regiment and returned the fire at the soldiers. Nine Baltimoreans lay dead in the street, killed by the Massachusetts soldiers. Four Massachusetts soldiers lay dead in the
street, killed in retaliation by Baltimoreans who had grabbed muskets and fired bac k. More than 100 people were wounded, some seriously. The City Militia was called out and restored order.
The forward section of the Massachusetts regiment was escorted to the Southern Railroad and put on the train to Washington City. The rear section of the regiment was forced back beyond the Maryland State line. You will recall that no one was killed by the cannon duel at Fort Sumter, just five days previously. Well, these four Massachusetts militiamen and nine Baltimore residents, therefore, represent the first men to die in Lincolns war to conquer the Confederacy. Baltimore Mayor George Brown immediately sent three men by express train to Washington City to call on Lincoln and “explain fully the fearful condition of affairs in this City.” They carried with them Mayor Browns letter to Lincoln which warned, “The people are exasperated to the highest degree by the passage of troops, and the citizens are universally decided in
«r
the opinion that no more should be
ordered to come___It is my solemn
duty to inform you that it is not possible for more soldiers to pass through Baltimore unless they fight their way at every step.”
That same day, April 19, Lincoln expanded his Proclamation of War. He proclaimed a naval blockade against all Confederate ports, and directed the Federal Naw to began enforcing it. This represented a contradiction to the Proclamation issued just four days earlier, on April 15, when Lincoln ordered the Federal Army to apprehend “combinations'*
Continued on page 35
>0mbtrn Merc ury
March/April 200S
Continuedfrom page 7
Roadblock to Education
claptrap.
The similiarly radical Anderson Independent also opposed Wilson’s nomination, citing the usual experts on Mr. Wilson as used by Tenenbaum and the State. The Independent managed to poll clergy in Anderson County until they found eleven who signed a petition calling for the legislative delegation to meet again and remove Wilson from his post. Their star witness,
Rev. Caroline Goodkind of St. George’s Episcopal Church, said as a private citizen, “Mr. Wilson is certainly entitled to his views; however, Wilson is seeking to become a public figure representing a broad range of people. I don’t believe he is qualified.” Ron Wilson’s response was, “I question why some preachers would not be equally interested that I’m involved in the Sierra Club and the Wilderness Society because I want to keep our beautiful South Carolina environment to pass on to our present and future school children as something they can enjoy. If we only elect people to the school board that have some background in education, we re allowing the whole process to become stale with very few new ideas.”
Since I am a new reporter, I decided that Wilson’s appointment to the school board was in jeopardy because of the political power of Superintendent ienenbaum. I phoned a friend who knows all about legal aspects of South Carolina School Hoard appointments, because he had been involved in
two such appointments over the years. In 1992, there was a similar appointment that was considered controversial. My friend said that a strategy was used to prevent the paperwork confirming his appointment from reaching the secretary of state’s office in a timely manner. While this was being held up, pressure was being brought to bear on individual members of the legislative delegation involved, and the election was redone, and another candidate chosen, who was quickly certified and placed on the school board. He said that the same thing was happening in Wilsons case. My friend, who works very closely with homeschool groups, wanted to remain anonymous.
He told me that if Wilson were to take his seat, he must be certified by the Secretary of State Mark Hammond within a few days or the paperwork would be temporarily lost and there would be a repeat of the 1992 incident. I phoned Ron Wilson and he told me that the delegation had voted to seat him, but he admitted, as my friend had told me, that the Chairman of the Anderson County Delegation, Rep. Ronnie Townsend, had voted against him, and then volunteered to take the election results, as a courtesy, to the Oconee County delegation in Walhalla, South Carolina. He pointed out that this was customary because the Anderson County and Oconee County were in agreement whereby one county chose the board member for four years, and the other county chose the member
for the next four years. He pointed out that he did not think he could directly intervene. Therelije only 1} members and 46 counti Jfto severa counties have this arrang: mjpnt. Wilson wanted my help,g|vever.
I phoned a state representative and a state senator. Both informed me that Rep. Ronnie Townsend’s wife worked in a high position for Superintendent Tenenbaum, even though Townsend was a Republican. One of the two had heard a rumor that South Carolina House Speaker, David Wilkins had asked Townsend to be very slow in retrieving the paperwork from Oconee County.
In the meantime,Tenenbaum and the media were appealing to the Anderson legislators to rescind their vote.
Next, I decided to phone Senator William O’Dell of Anderson County. We knew each other and I knew he was a Wilson supporter. He promised me that he would get in touch with Townsend very quickly and ask him to tell him where the paperwork was, and he would see that it reached Ron Wilson right away.
Then I phoned a good friend. Dr. Buddy Witherspoon, a West Columbia dentist, who is our Republican State Committeeman and a 2004 presidential elector.
He was also an SCV member and I knew he would get the job done very efficiently and quickly. He told me that as soon as I knew where the papers were, I was to contact him immediately. In the meantime, he would call Secretary of State
Southern Mentwnt
. mmond and tell him to have con’s certificate of appointment Jv and he would bring Wilson , ^ office in a day or two. The Al day Senator O'Dell said the xlperwork was located with the ^vitrary of the Oconee County 1 ^dative delegation in their ?§ce in Walhalla. I phoned Dr.
W itherspoon; he called Ron Wilson told him to get the paperwork and bring it to his office, which he did. Within an hour the two met with Mark Hammond, who made the election official. As a courtesy, Governor Mark Sanford had to see the paperwork. He did not have the authority to approve it or disapprove it, but he did have to certify that he had seen it. It was almost Christmas, and it took until January 3rd for Sanford to sign the document and return it by courier to Secretary Hammond. He then mailed the
necessary certificate to Ron Wilson. However, the State School Board did not notify Commander Wilson until 8:30 a.m. on Monday, January 8, that he had been named officially as a member of the school board. He was then asked how he wanted his name posted on official documents and on his name plate for his desk. He was to be at his first board meeting, the next morning, January 9th, at 9 a.m.
However, Wilson already knew when the first meeting would take place and was prepared. The long ordeal had ended, and we Southerners had won another victory, which, if we had not gone to all the trouble mentioned in this article, we would have lost.
Make no mistake about it — we do have enemies. The enemies of Southern heritage were determined to keep Ron Wilson
off the state school board because of the very high positions he has held in the Sons of Confederate Veterans. Fortunately, largely due to Dr. Buddy Witherspoon and the legislators who stood by him and my friend who tipped me off, they did not succeed, and we now have a school board member who is going to defend our position in an area where it is sorely needed.
If we are willing to be vigilant and work hard, we can win many more victories.
Robert Slimp is an ordained minister of the Presbyterian Church in America and a retired US Army Chaplain with the rank ofLt. Colonel. He has been honorably retired from the pastorate since 1996, although he still frequently preaches.
PEST CONTROL, LLC
Spiders • Ants Crickets • Fleas Roaches • Mice • Etc. Termite Control
A Local Family Business
901-937-7850
Call Today For
- FREE ESTIMATE -
•	Inexpensive
•	Experienced
•	Professional
y Memphis For More Than 3$ Years
ury

Southern Men
March/April 200S
Reviewed by Ann Rives Zappa
RECLAIMING
LIBERTY
James Ronald Kennedy
Coauthor of Why Not Freedom!
In his latest book. Reclaiming Liberty, James R. Kennedy covers his chosen topic thor-j oughly. He writes a detailed account of what has happened to all ideals and beliefs that conservatives and Southerners hold dear. Then he presents remedies for reclaiming liberty and returning this country to his vision of the perfect time in the conception of American democracy.
In the Foreword, Walter Donald Kennedy writes: “Our aim is to overthrow — in a peaceful and political manner — the current liberal/socialist political system and replace it with a Liberty-Based Society.”
The chapters are organized in an interesting format. An introductory sidebar presents stories, anecdotes, and fantasies that bear on the information contained therein. Following the author’s well-researched treat-menr of information contained in each chapter, he writes a section of “Questions and Answers” to drive home the points made. These questions are posed by a liberal/socialist iJevil’s Advocate deliberately to refute Kennedy's assertions. Readers would laugh at the liberal twisting of facts, except that the liberal/socialist bias is
what we Southern conservatives are forced to confront in our daily lives.
Author Kennedy blames conservatives for allowing themselves to lose many areas of liberty. He begins his litany of conservatives’ failures with this observation: “Because the original Constitution did not explicitly acknowledge the right of secession and nullification, it allowed those desiring the establishment of a strong all-powerful federal government to use various propaganda tricks to convince the world (as well
as the average person in th*orth) that Southerners had no riglj to secede. It allowed Northern propagandists to slander the good name of the people of the South by accusing them of fighting for slavery.”
The author addresses questions of why conservatives have never regained control of this country, lost along with The Cause. Even after Republican Presidents Ronald Reagan and Father and Son Bush, we who abhor big Government trampling States’ and personal rights are no closer to achieving this glorious goal than we were in 1861. In the chapter “Back to the Constitution” is the author’s sad commentary:	.. the
federal government’s attitude toward states’ rights is that it ‘died at Appomattox’.”
Kennedy heaps considerable blame on conservatives for bowing down before the liberal onslaught on several different fronts. In chapter 6, “Making Race a Nonissue,” he writes: “Race is an issue because conservative leaders in the twentieth century allowed it to become an issue. By refusing to courageously address it and find alternatives to socialist income-redistribution
28	March/April 2005
Southern Mercury
ilu'v allowed black votes to . v,nK the 'property' of the left.”
,n«ervative$ have allowed liberals/ vijlists to win paralyzing victo-^ in the areas of ‘minimal voting - locations," "taxes and other «tvs to steal,” and "Federal Supreme v;mrt vs, Middle-Class Values.”
Chapter 3 is entitled “The pitnensions of a Liberty-Based wien*. Author Kennedy details the [rquirements for this utopia: first, civility, second, noninterference; third, skepticism of governmental power; and fourth, capacity to recognize the immoral nature of socialism. He acknowledges the enormous undertaking that will be required to achieve such a society.
For a cure to this American world of liberalism and socialism,
Author Ron Kennedy prescribes the means for a conservative vi< tory. In Chapter 16, he advocates a seven-step program. First* promote the idea of a liberty-based society. Second, organize liberty working groups. Third, prepare for political action. Fourth, run in the GOP Presidential primary. Fifth, with the gain of a substantial number of GOP delegates, attend the GOP convention and defeat the neoconservatives and business-as-usual politicians. Sixth, become involved in state and local political action. And seventh, pass a State Sovereignty Amendment to achieve Southern independence.
As a rallying cry to spur Southerners and conservatives to take on this fight, Author Kennedy quotes General George Pattons favorite saying: “Audacity, audacity, always
audacity/
The only discouraging aspect of Reclaiming Liberty is that Ron Kennedy is “preaching to the choir/ Unfortunately, no liberals/social-ists, no Yankees, no hate-mongefi ng black d emigods, and no South-bashing media reporters will ever read this thought-provoking book.
Reclaiming Liberty will provide much grist for every Southern reader s mill and deserves a place on Confederate bookshelves.
Ann Rives Zappa is a Southern author and War Between the States reenactor with Knibb s Battery; Army of Northern Virginia. Visit her web site at www. annzappa. com
Civil War Walking Tours of Charleston

Recount the Epic Siege of Charleston
k®
BvfOOT'
CHARLESTON• SAVANNAH• COLUMBIA• KEY WEST* BOSTON
The Best Tours In America's 1 iistory
58-1/2 Broad Street Charleston, SC 29401
800-729-3420
www.ant0ricabyfoot.com
'>0Whem Mm

Maieh/April 200S
Continued from page 21
The last Confederate Flag
re-sodded on Lee's birthday, effectively putting an end to that event. The next year, the State Capitol held its first official Robert E. Lee birthday celebration, complete with the First National Confederate Flag flying overhead. This would become an annual event, typically sponsored by either the United Daughters of the Confederacy (UDC) or the Military Order of Stars and Bars (MOSB).5
North Carolina now had three official state holidays that included Confederate Flags flying over the Capitol. This became an issue in the 1992 election year. Leftist agitators did their best to arouse public sentiment against the flag displays. Kelly Alexander Jr., state chairman of the NAACP, said that the First National and Confederate Battle Flags were “equally offensive.”6 Mary Peeler, executive director of the state NAACP, said that the First National Flag was “an offensive symbol, and it should not be used. That flag expresses the view of the Klan and white supremacist groups, of racial hatred and prejudice.”7 Charles L. Rich-man, chairman of the community relations council of the Greensboro (NC) Jewish Federation said, “Flying the Confederate Flag over the state capitol demeans the continuing struggle of African-Americans and serves only to divide instead of to bring us together.”8 Lorn Bradbury, associate editor of the Charlotte Observer, editorialized, “Whatever its intentions, North Carolina cannot fly a (Confederate Mag over its
Capitol as a mere historical exercise — as though history did not include the official and nonofficial use of Confederate symbols as banners of defiance across the South for so many years.”9
Martin and his staff did not back down, however, and instead strongly defended raising the First National Flag over the Capitol. Martin said, “Confederate Flag Day is a lawful expression of a part of our history that we shouldn’t be blind to. That flag did fly over the Capitol. Many people are offended with that because of its association with slavery, but that history is still there.”10 Martin’s spokesman, Nancy J. Pekarek, said, “The proclamation is in no way meant to show insensitivity to any particular group or philosophy.
It is simply an acknowledgment of North Carolina’s role in our national history.” Pekarek also defended the Confederate Battle Flag: “It was a battle flag to show the placement of troops. It was not a flag of slavery.” However, the race-baiters had done their job, and 85 protesters showed up at the Capitol on Confederate Flag Day to demonstrate against the event (contrasted with 100 Confederate heritage supporters who attended the ceremony that year, according to media reports).11 The Confederate monument on the Capitol lawn was vandalized with spray-painted messages including, “Confederate Flag Day Must End!” and “Don’t Keep Racism Alive,” as well as some obscenities, lhe vandals
struck again that year just before Confederate Memorial Day, damaging seventeen headstones at Raleighs Oakwood Cemetery, where Confederate memorial ceremor Swas held annually.12
To make matters worse, white supremacists got involved, holding a rally in support of the Confederate Flag at the State Capitol for the first time since Governor Martin ended their annual Lee Day rally.13 The SCV distanced itself from the rally. Martin Mullis, Lt. Commander of the Raleigh SCV Camp, said, “This is the most disgusting thing I’ve seen in my life. The Klan is a disgrace to us. They ruin everything we stand for.”
With the threat of racial violence mounting, in Raleigh as well as across the country in the wake of the Rodney King verdict in California, Governor Martin decided to postpone flying the Stars and Bars over the Capitol on Confederate Memorial Day in 1992. Tom Smith, present Lt. Commander of the North Carolina Division, recalls that Martin “felt so strongly about discouraging our Memorial Day Parade, which was planned for that weekend, that he and his aides personally came to Big Ed’s Restaurant, where I had organized a dinner and speaker banquet the night before, and asked us to reconsider our plans.” The SCV went ahead with its memorial activities, without the Confederate Flag over the Capitol.
lasting blood, the NAACP
Southern Meivury
The Stars and Bars files again on May 10,2005, Confederate Memorial Day in North Carolina.
fccidec to go for the jugular. They pled ubernatorial candidates and 2sked them whether or not the would continue to fly the Cot er-zt Flag over the Capitol if ele in •392.14 Republican candidate	?.es
ardner said that he would, an democratic candidate Lacy Th rn-said that he would not. Jim dant. running once again to reclaim former position, took the middle and said that he would allow ** Hag to fly only on Confederate Memorial Day Hunt was elected that November M true to his word, the flag was no raised on Mag Day and Lee ,J*1 beginning in 1993 (the same that the Confederate Battle Mag ' * removed from the Alabama State tyiUji), Ceremonies were still held those holidays inside the I louse
Chambers, however, and in 1993, 1994 and 1995, the SCV marched on the Governor s Mansion after the annual Flag Day program at the Capitol and demanded that Hunt reinstate the practice of flying the Stars and Bars three times per year.15
The protest marches apparently had an impact, because shortly thereafter, the First National Flag began to be raised once again on Flag Day and Lee Day, although only during the official celebration. The flag continued to be raised for the entire day of Confederate Memorial Day.
In 2000, when the Battle Flag was lowered from South Carolina's State House, Hunt spokesman lad Boggs actually defended North Carolina’s practice of Hying the Stars and Bars over the CJapitoJ; ‘The governor believes that the raising of the first
national Confederate Flag, which is not the more controversial Confederate Battle Flag, is an appropriate way to honor North Carolina's war dead on each Confederate Memorial Day.”16
Republican candidates for governor in 2000 also defended the practice. Leo Daughtry released a statement that read, “Obviously, this issue can be divisive, which is why flying the flag only [on Confederate holidays] is a good compromise that still honors the thousands from North Carolina who died in the Civil War/1 Mark Stephens, a spokesman for candidate C huck Neely, said Neely had “no problem with flying this flag or any flag that is part of North C arofina history." The Capitol flag-raisings and ceremonies continued to take place three times

ERECTED SEPTEMBER 1923 BY
THE NORTH CAROLINA DIVISION UNITED DAUGHTERS OF THE CONFEDERACY IN appreciation of the FACT that the first flag of the confederacy "THE STARS AND BARS"
WAS DESIGNED BY A SON OF NORTH CAROLINA ORREN RANDOLPH SMITH,
AND MADE UNDER HIS DIRECTION BY
CATHERINE REBECCA (MURPHY) WINBORNE.
FORWARDED TO MONTGOMERY. ALA. FEB. 12.1861. ADOPTED BY THE PROVISIONAL CONGRESS MARCH 4.1861, FIRST DISPLAYED IN NORTH CAROLINA AT. LOUl^BURC MARtffl 16.1861. V I

Monument on the courthouse grounds in Louisburg, NC, where the Stars and Bars was first raised in North Carolina.
per year without controversy until the Southern Poverty Law Center ' SPLCj began to get involved.
In 2003, a photographer named
Jen	inife	r War	burg	showed	1 up at the
Ca	pi to	Ion F	lag I	)ay and	asked to
UA A	omi	>any 5	>CV	officers	onto the
Ca	pi to	1 roof	to pi	Totograj	ph the flag-
rail	king.	War!	>urg	presen u	;d herself
as;	i frei	dance	• pho	tograph	icr, and the
SC	V ol	f ficers	were	r more t	ban happy
to		imiio	date ,	her.	
	Th	e folk	jWllii	> week,	Warburgs
ph	(jUjU c	i	of tin	r event ;	appeared
in the Independent, a leftist weekly newspaper based in Durham, NC. Warburgs biography in the Independent revealed that she specialized in "photographing people and events on the far left and right in America” and that she had ties to “a hate-group watchdog organization.”17 The next year, Warburg returned, along with Independent columnist Peter Eichenbcrger, for a Hag I )ay ceremony featuring nationally syndicated columnist Sam Francis as the keynote speaker. In a column on
the event, Hichenberger wrote that the SCV was "divided between positions of heritage and bigotry.” He said that participants in the Flag Day ceremony exhibited "veiled hostility” and “white supremacy.”1* Later, Warburgs photographs of the event (featuring a Confederate Battle Flag inside the Capitol rotunda) appeared in the SPLC’s Intelligence Report. This article insinuated that the SCV met with Francis “behind closed doors” at the Capitol, despite the fact that the general public (including Warburg and Eichenberger) were permitted inside the House chambers for the ceremony.19
In 2003, U.S. Senator John Edwards, who was running for U.S. President in the Democratic primaries, criticized the flying of the Confederate Flag over the North Carolina State Capitol. “I wish the state would not do that,” Edwards said. "Those flags are a divisive and painful symbol of a shameful era, and they should not be displayed on state Capitol grounds.”20 After losing the Democratic primary to John Kerry, then agreeing to serve as Kerry’s vice-presidential running-mate, Edwards continued to campaign against displays of the Confederate Flag on public property. Edwards and Kerry were soundly defeated in North Carolina, Edwards’ own home state, in the 2004 presidential election. And in 2005, the Confeder ate Flag continues to fly over North Carolina’s State Capitol three times each year.
Confederate heritage activists in North Carolina have deftly handled the political situation handed to them each year in order to keep Confederate symbols displayed prominently before the public. Re placing the Confederate Battle Flag
March/April 2005
Southern AJetxwy
with the Stars and Bars, which one former governor intended to use to diminish Confederate symbols, has instead become a thrice-annual celebration of Confederate heritage and the North Carolinians who contributed to it (including Major Smith, who designed the Stars and Bars).
Because of the dignified and honorable manner in which the symbols are displayed, both over the Capitol and inside the Rotunda, critics of the displays have not been able to generate much enthusiasm for a movement to lower the flag. Racial extremists on both sides of the Confederate Flag debate have been largely consigned to the background in North Carolina due to the non-controversial manner in which the Confederate Flag is always displayed.
By maintaining a firm resolve to defend our Confederate veterans and to punish politicians who would dishonor them, Confederate heritage activists in North Carolina have been able to do what no other state has: Keep a national flag of the Confederacy flying in a position of sovereignty over the State Capitol. The Stars and Bars, which became the First Confederate Flag on a spring day in Louisburg, NC, has truly become the Last Confederate Flag.
Tim Wyatt is the public affairs officer for the North Carolina Division, Sons of Confederate Veterans. He is a graduate of North Carolina State University and holds a Fh.D. in geotechnical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Endnotes
1	H.R. 1058 (Resolution 51),
1961 Session Laws of North Carolina, 13 June 1961, p. 1682.
2	Betts, Jack, “How we solved the flag thing,” Charlotte (NC) Observer,
6 Feb 2000, p. 1C.
3	Greensboro (NC) News &
Record, “North Carolinians disagree about Confederate flag day,” 5 Mar 1990, p. B3.
4	Henderson, Bruce, “White supremacists across the South gather,” Charlotte (NC) Observer, 19 Jan 1986, p. 2C.
5	Warden, Billy, “Lee, hero to many, saluted on birthday,” Raleigh (NC) News & Observer, 20 Jan 1992, p.Bl.
6	Greensboro (NC) News & Record, “Why not fly Confederate flag at the Capitol?” 4 Mar 1992, p. A10.
7	Stocking, Ben, “To some, Confederate flag day won’t fly,” Raleigh (NC) News & Observer, 19 Feb 1992, p.Bl.
8	Greensboro (NC) News & Record, “Praise and protest letters show that Confederate flag controversy is far from over,” 21 Mar 1992, p. A8.
9	Bradbury, Tom, “Symbols of the South: we can’t ignore the Confederate flag’s history as a banner of Southern defiance as well as Southern heritage,” Charlotte (NC) Observer, 7 Mar 1992, editorial page.
10	Denton, Van, “Vandals spray-paint capitol monument,”
Raleigh (NC)
News dr Observer,
7 Mar 1992, p.
Bl.
11	Marshall,
Kyle, “‘We are not a hate group,’
Civil War|
*>ay, Raleigh I (N( ]) News dn
Observer, 8 Mar 1992, p. O
12	Jones, Treva and	j
zak, “Vandals damage cemetd Raleigh (NC) News & Observe*
May 1992, p. B6.
13	Crook, Teri, “50 join Klan march, rally; 100 spectators jeer f day celebration,” Raleigh (NC) 4 & Observer, 15 Jun 1992, p. B4.
14	Price, Dudley, “NAACP po pols on flag,” Raleigh (NC) News Observer, 5 Mar 1992, p. Al.
15	Swindell, Steve, “Group defends use of Confederate Flag,” Raleigh (NC) News & Observer, 3 Mar 1996, p. B7.
16	Associated Press, “NC to fly Confederate national flag May 10 Charlotte (NC) Observer, 2 May 2000, p. 13A.
17	Solow, Barbara, “Indy photc rapher captures possible suspect,” Durham (NC) Independent, 9 Mai 2005.
18	Eichenberger, Peter, “Rebels rally and show their true stripes,” Durham (NC) Independent, 10 Ml 2004.
19	Beirich, Heidi, “Neo-Confe< erates: rocked by porn scandal, SC attempts to oust moderates,” Intelligence Report, Spring 2004.
20	Wagner, John, “Flag issue in S.C. puts Edwards, rivals on spot,” Raleigh (NC) News & Observer, 7 Feb 2003, p. Al.
Southern Mercury —	-	March/April 200 S
The Confederate Light Brigade
Uncle Seth looked down at Joe William, who was watching, even* move the old Confederate veteran made.
“Joe William,” Uncle Seth said with voice so low it was almost a whisper — something between Joe William and Uncle Seth — “you know we lost our war and countries that lose wars don’t have very many poets writing about our struggle for freedom. Big empires can afford to reward poets to immortalize their conquest, but we cant afford such luxuries. On September 1, 1898, the relatives and friends of those of us who made that charge erected a small monument on the spot to commemorate our brave efforts. On the top of the monument are the letters CSA. One day when we are all gone, there will be no national poets to tell our story. We depend on you and your childrens children to be our warrior poets — to remember us, honor our courage, and defend the
truth about why we wore the gray in the War for Southern Independence. Conquered people need their warrior poets — they keep alive the memory of the past and the promise for freedom yet to come.”
Uncle Seth slowly closed the text book and handed it to Joe William. Together the two walked toward the house, kindling wood in arms.
© James Ronald Kennedy, www. Kennedy Twins, com. Uncle Seth is a fictional character. His adventures are based on actual events as told by Confederate Veterans and other Southerners who were actual witnesses to the events described.
Southern Dermatology
John R. Cook, MD	1
Board Certified Dermatologist
www.southemdermatology.com Specializing in the Practice of Dermatology Diseases of the Skin, Hair & Nails, Dermatologic anjB£osmetic Surgery
Treatment Available for
•	Acne
•	Psoriasis
•	Warts
•	Eczema
•	Allergy Patch Testing Available
•	Mole Removal
•	Skin Cancer
•	Skin Growths
•	Nail and Skin Fungus
Wood side Executive Park
2110 Woodside Executive Ct. Aiken, SC 29803
Cosmetic Procedures
•	Collagen Implants C%
•	Botax for Crows Fqgt and Forehead Wrinkles
•	Crystal Peels JK19
• Retin-A Therapy	IIS
•	Skin Rejuvenation and Resurfacing
•	DermabrasioqdL
•	Photo Aging Therapy m
•	Chemical Pegkjjjfl
•	Laser Hair Removal II
Benign or Vascular Lesions
•	Tattoo Removal
•	Port Wine Stain Removal
•	Broken Blood Vessels on Face or Legs *
•Spider Veins
• Treatment fo|fSun pamaged Skin • Acne Scaring
Savannah Lakes Medical Center
207 Holiday Road McCormick, SC 29835
Our goal is healthier skin, let us show you how...
34 March/April 2005
Southern Me nary
HNm
, '(wtimedfrom	25
How Lincoln Incited War
allegedly involved in a so-called internal rebellion, for a blockade, by definition, meant directing the Federal Navy to wage war against a foreign nation. Over the following two years, the blockade would be more a nuisance than a barrier, for the Federal Navy fleet of warships consisted of only 24 steamships and 18 sailing ships, and the Confederates had 3,600 miles of coastline.
Two days later, Lincoln would direct the men at the Federal naval yards at Boston, New York, and Philadelphia to each purchase five merchant steamships. He would tell them to
purchase armaments and convert those 13 ships into Federal warships to be used against the Confederacy. To pay for this armament build-up, Lincoln would direct the Treasury Department to send $2,000,000 to a War Provisioning Committee in New York City.
That same day, April 19, Jeff Davis dispatched Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens to Richmond, Virginia, to arrange a defensive alliance with the sovereign State of Virginia. Soon Virginia would join the Confederacy as would the other seceding states:
North Carolina, Tennessee and Arkansas.
This concludes the fifth installment of a five-part series, “How Abe Lincoln Incited War. ”
For the full epic history, read Bloodstains, An Epic History of the Politics that Produced the American Civil War. For details, go to wu/w.civilwar causes.com or write Howard Ray White at PO Box 78731, Charlotte, NC28271.

HARMS
MUSrS^PTJJlLY
Restoratk and PerformancParts
•v
SHELBY
BOSS >302 >429
2501 Allen Road, South Charlotte, NC 28269 (704) 598-1412 (704) 597-1048 fax
r
Southern Merc ury
INDEPENDENCE
COIN
Buying • Selling • 1 Appraisals
Jerry Austin, APS ANA 5622 E. Independence Blvd. Suite 119 Charlotte, NC 28212
704-537-8882
March/April 2005
Thaf s what we’re all about
The SLRC is the only organization in America that devotes itself solely to assisting people whose legal rights have been violated in connection with Southern heritage and culture.
Since 1997 we have investigated more than 600 such complaints. We presently have five actions pending in Federal courts, and our victories include the landmark case of Castorina v. Madison County School Board. Not bad for a staff of four working out of a converted apartment
But that’s just it on our clients’ behalf we contend with giant corporations, bureaucracies and powerful special interest groups, all of whom have very deep pockets. And we’re a tiny nonprofit corporation funded almost e	ty by donations
from groups and individuals.
To us, Justice for Dixie is a goal, not a nice sentiment If you feel the same way, please lend a hand by sending us a donation, or by pledging a regular amount to help us with our work. Your contribution is fully tax deductible. It’s your South, too. Help us defend it
The Southern Legal Resource Center Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain NC 28711
(828) 669-5189
To learn more about us and our work, visit us online at www.slrc-csa.otg. Credit card and PayPal contributions may be made at our website by clicking How You Can Help. Checks may be sent to us at the above address. If you would like to receive our weekly e-mail update and/or a free issue of our monthly newsletter, call us or e-mail us at slrc@slrc-csa.org.