Cfjunberbolt • January 2004 • Volume 1-5



Partial Contents
They demand or steal slave reparations IRS gives $500,000 to Blacks for “reparations”
Rural NC brothel invasion & murder 2° foot machete invader 3:00 a.m. Hispanic versus Sikh shootout Invade 2 homes at once U.S. Senate’s big 3 on gun control fingered Pollster: Let’s fake being for the 2nd Amendment 5-Predator home invasion: 89-year-old dies in gunbattle Working mom gunned down at Piggly Wiggly Angry judge predicts vigilantism Neighborhood nice guy killed for $29 Two immigrants: drunk carjacks blond beauty Immigration - they just come here to work Hispanic gang explosion in NC’s Triangle Bush secretly opens borders to illegal flood 2 Mexican train robbers sentenced in attack on FBI Mexican gov investigates N Carolina farm worker abuse Illegals have massive drug cartel in East Tennessee Small Foxista victory
U.S. deports 71,000 convicted criminals in 1 year America’s schools today
NAACP drops interest in hate/lynching message 99.9% of Durham’s students are there to learn KC’s cocaine day care
Meet Frank Javier Padilla of League City, Texas
4	die in Denver execution Jogger attack 12-year-old attacked
Mexican teamwork and our leaky border Bush’s Mexican trucks
Houston’s pool-playing, bar-fighting, female judge
5	innocents killed in great Nebraska bank massacre
A crime too horrid to imagine: family gang rapes 5-month-old 30 Chicago’s killers: 92% are Black or Hispanic	34
Pizza delivery girls and boys murdered	35
Officer down in lethal Omaha shootout	back	cover
Great Nebraska bank massacre

Undocumented Workers Wanted
Elfain
l__i
They demand or steal slave reparations
Aristide demands reparations for Haiti

On 15 October 2003, Jean-Bertrand Aristide spoke to the UN General Assembly and demanded reparations. He
! claimed that 15 million Black slaves were brought to Haiti in 1502. And that Haiti is “the mother of liberty, and its sons and daughters are the product of that liberty.” Blacks started revolting in Haiti in 1789. The race war ended in 1805, when the last of the Whites were exterminated. Of the 40,000 Whites, about 20,000 managed to escape, and 20,000 were raped, butchered and slaughtered.
Since then, Black liberty in Haiti has brought a cesspool of corruption, brutality, crime, and poverty. Foreign troops, invited or uninvited, have never been able to restore order. The last invasion came when President Clinton sent 20,000 troops in 1994. They put Aristide in power and proclaimed him a saint. Clinton sent billions in aid.
The streets deteriorated into total chaos. Aristide’s thugs and street gangs
Jean-Bertrand Aristide’s “elite” riot police, heading into battle. It looks like a scene right out of Nigeria, Liberia or Zimbabwe.
proved even less effective than the ones they replaced. U.S. forces made a hasty retreat with as little publicity as possible.
Nothing is getting better in Haiti. Haiti has long been the poorest country in the Americas, and it is the Blackest.
Elections are a sham. During “electioneering” in October 2003, Aristide’s street gangs battled rival gangs. On 22 September, popular “Cannibal Army” gang leader Amoit Metayer was murdered in the town of Gonaives. The town rose in revolt and battled government forces with eight killed and 29 serious injuries in three weeks.
Pictured are members of the Cannibal Army, one of Jean-Bertrand Aristide’s infamous street gangs. The Cannibal Army has turned against Aristide’s
On 22 October, antigovernment “demonstrators” in Port-au-Prince were attacked by pro-Aristide thugs. Outnumbered five to one, the demonstrators were driven into a building under a barrage of incoming rocks and bottles. Heavily armed police stood by and made no move to stop the attack or arrest anyone. Government thugs shouted, “If Aristide leaves, we’ll cut off heads and burn down houses.” After an hour, the police, realizing Aristide’s people had made their point, told attacking thugs to leave, and they did.S
Haitians are coming to the U.S. and bringing Haiti with them.
IRS gives $500,000 to Blacks for “reparations”
Robert Lee Foster is one of the 80,000 Blacks who tried to steal from the IRS. He was successful, but as a tax preparer he was given heavier punishment, 13 years.
In the last three years, 80,000 Blacl s have filed fraudulent tax returns claimir g $2.7 billion in tax refunds that were not due. The IRS caught most of the fraud but paid out $30 million. The IRS plans to prosecute only a few criminals—a few of those that actually got false refunds. Blacks claim they aren’t really refunds but slave reparations they are due.
Most sentences are two to five years in prison, but Robert Lee Foster, 51, was sentenced to 13 years on 23 October 2003. He was a tax preparer and prepared several crooked returns including that of his daughter Crystal Demetria Foster, who has two children. She received a refund of $500,000 and spent it quickly before the IRS moved in. They recovered about half the money. She was sentenced to three years in prison.
Mr. Foster is not a bit sorry. He deserves the money as a descendent of former slaves, and he called the judge a “White devil.” Besides that, he has been discriminated against all his life, et cetera, et cetera. You have heard it all before and you will continue to hear it until you do something about it.y
2 Cljunbr rbolt January 2004
QTI)untJerboK of Truth
January 2004	VOLUME	1-5
Thunderbolt is published approximately monthly by Thunderbolt LLC with articles of interest to action-oriented, Americans. Articles reflect the opinion of the authors and/or editor and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of any related organization. Single copy price $5 [postpaid]. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year for U.S. and Canada. All other countries: $80.
become a Cljunberbolt supporter
Help us make Thunderbolt a success and help us get tens of thousands of copies into the hands of those who can benefit. Thunderbolt will grow faster and be even bigger and better if you will support it by being a Capital Contributor. Our goal is to make Thunderbolt the hardest-hitting, most effective, and most widely circulated patriotic magazine in America. Most people need a Thunderbolt of Truth to shock them back to reality, and we will give it to them. You can add power to this magazine. Send your suggestions and capital donations to the address below. Thunderbolt will be absolutely relentless in exposing the threats to our people and to their future. There will be no future, if you do not act today.
Let’s add a couple of million volts of power to Thunderbolt. Let’s light up the black sky and send shock waves rolling across America.
—Robert A. DeMarais, Ph.D., Editor
Become a ®f)unberbolt distributor and get the truth to the many who need it
Bulk & Distributor Prices			
Number of copies	One time purchase	6-Month Distributor Subscription	12-Month Distributor Subscription
10	$10.00	$55.00	$100.00
25	20.00	$110.00	$200.00
50	30.00	$165.00	$330.00
100	50.00	$275.00	$500.00
The above prices include postage to U.S. destinations. For foreign bulk orders, please write.			
□	United States and Canada, 12 Issues $40.00
□	United States and Canada, Introductory Rate, 5 Issues $18.00
□	All Other Countries (Airmail) 12 Issues $80.00 [Payable in U.S. dollars only]
Name:
Address:. City___
State
Zip Code.
Country.
Enclose Payment	□	Money	Order	□	Check	□	Cash
Make checks and MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC and mail to: Thunderbolt LLC PO BOX 400
MARLINTON WV 24954-0400
Thunderbolt LLC • PO Box 400 • Marlinton • WV 24954 • USA
1-5
Gftfiunberbolt • © 2004
QTbunberbolt January 2004	3
Home invasions
Rural NC brothel invasion & murder
Police dog takes a bite out of home invasion
Alleged brothel
Neighbors say the rundown brick veneer house in rural Johnston County, NC, had been used openly as a brothel for months, maybe longer.
At about 5:00 p.m., 18 October 2003, there were four “Hispanics” in the house, two men and two women. Five Hispanic gunmen invaded and tied up the four. They demanded money, and they viciously beat the four to get every cent they had. They spent up to two hours ransacking the home. It had been a filthy mess before they got there, but when they finished, the interior was essentially destroyed. At some point, they shot one of the tied-up prisoners in the head, killing him. Finally, they left in what police say may have been a dark blue Honda.
The surviving male prisoner managed to untie himself and the two females. He ran to a nearby Texaco to call police. The two women disappeared. The police don’t have a clue as to the identity of the dead man.
Editorial: There are hundreds of Mexican whorehouses operating throughout the U.S. Many operate openly. You might expect it in a largely Hispanic area. But in Johnston County, NC? These people are bringing their culture to America. Drugs, violence, drunkenness, and whores is what we’re getting. What is amazing is that the media that reported this brothel murder carried stories extolling “Hispanic” culture on the same day.y
On the morning of 2 October 2003, someone stole a car from an apartment complex in Salem, Oregon. Four hours later, a police officer spotted the vehicle and gave chase. The driver ran into a Keizer, Oregon, fence, leapt from the car, and disappeared.
Stephanie Simpson was at home. One of her two children said, “Like, some guy with black hair is in the house.” She had just moved into the house and she searched it. Both kids claimed they had seen the man so she searched again, finding nothing. A couple of hours later, she went into her bedroom to grab her computer and stepped on a man. She screamed, “My God, get out of my house, who the hell are you?” He didn’t leave, but she grabbed the children and ran out. She flagged down a police car.
The Salem police surrounded the house and demanded that the man come out. He didn’t. They said they were sending in a police dog if he didn’t come out. He didn’t. The K-9 officer sent his dog in, and it bit Enrique Aguero on the leg. He is a sex offender who had failed to report and register. He is accused of eleven crimes for the episode on 2 October, y
Home invaders usually beat the occupants to make them tell the location of valuables. Even if you tell them, they are likely to beat you anyway, because most homeowners hold out some locations unless beaten.
2Vi foot machete invader
Frank Nagle, 62, is a teacher at the University of Massachusetts and lives in an apartment in Wellesley. On 9 October 2003, he was in his front yard. A Hispanic man, over 6 feet tall, came by and said he was thirsty. So professor Nagel (pictured) took him into the apartment. While Nagle was getting two cokes out of the refrigerator the invader drew a 2Vz foot machete. He suddenly grabbed Nagel by the neck and threatened him terrible bodily harm with the machete.
The invader tied the victim with his own neckties and belt. The doorbell rang; it was Nagel’s landlord dropping by. The machete man ran out the door past the landlord. Nagle quickly untied himself and called police. Nagel had survived by luck.
Every available police officer, including off-duty and desk personnel, swarmed the neighborhood. K-9 units and a Massachusetts police helicopter joined the hunt. But police believe the man had escaped in a vehicle a couple blocks from the crime scene. The machete predator is still on the loose, y
On 14 October 2003, Spartanburg, SC, police released a sketch of a home invader described as a 6’3" 200 pound
Black male.y
©2004*
GTJjunberU
4 ®(junberbolt Jfanuarp 2004
Home invasions
3:00 a.m. Hispanic versus Sikh shootout
Several Sikh families from India live in a largely “Hispanic” neighborhood in Livingston, California. Police refuse to name the family attacked; we’ll call them the Sikhs. The family consists of a middle-aged father, his adult son, their wives and two children.
At 3:00 a.m. on 17 October 2003, two or three gloved and masked “Hispanic” gunmen entered the home through the front door, went to a bedroom, and a fight ensued. The Sikhs had no guns. Numerous shots were fired. The middle-aged Sikh was shot multiple times in the abdomen and collapsed. His son was also badly shot at least twice in the abdomen. However, the son managed to wrestle a gun from the attackers. The attackers fled; one or two ran out the back door and disappeared into the blackness. Thomas Brijido Lopez, 39, ran out the front door with the son in pursuit. The son opened fire with a barrage that dropped Lopez like a rock in the driveway.
Suddenly the neighborhood was alive with dozens of barking dogs and screaming, shrieking, and crying women. Lopez lay dead on the driveway in a pool of his blood; a gun lay by his side.
Police and ambulances swarmed into the neighborhood. They arrested Enrique Javier Flores Jr., 25, who was hiding in a garbage can in a backyard several blocks away. He is a suspect but is not cooperating. Police say he has an extensive criminal record.
Police found a handgun and a black Halloween mask abandoned several hundred yards from the crime scene.
The middle-aged Sikh was critical from the beginning, and a week later he had deteriorated. The son was also in critical condition but has shown signs of improvement and will likely survive.
The father had been receiving threats, and police think it may have been a targeted attack.
Local law enforcement thought they had slowed the home invasion epidemic in September when they broke up an 11-
man gang responsible for at least 18 violent home invasions in Merced County. Merced County is about 70 miles inland from San Jose and San Francisco.
On October 20, two Hispanics invaded the home of a local 32-year-old mother and businesswoman at 6:25 a.m. One came through the front door and another through a window. One forced her to the floor, and they beat and kicked her mercilessly. They stole the cash, money orders, and checks that were the proceeds from her business. She survived the beating. Police say this is yet another home invasion gang.y
Are your friends and neighbors prepared for a home invasion? Do they even realize how real the threat is?
Home invasion & rape
In September 2003, Georgia Bureau of Investigation linked Cardell Jerome Abrams, 27, to a 10 February 1998 home invasion using DNA. In that crime, two gunmen forced their way into a home and held a man and four members of his family at gunpoint. They stole jewelry and cash. While one of the predators held the rest of the family at gunpoint, the other took a daughter upstairs and raped her. Abrams is already in prison for a 1999 conviction for 1997 burglaries and thefts. Police hope to learn the identity of the other alleged attacker, y
Ft. Worth invasion gang(s)
Brandon Shaw (left) and Darrell Wayne Williams (right)
According to Fort Worth, Texas, police, the home invasion on 29 August 2003 was the 14th successful invasion for the same gang since 15 April 2003. In the attacks, two to six Black males kick or pry open a home’s door and rush in. They tie the victims with electrical cords found in the home. They steal money, stereo equipment, shoes, and anything that can easily be sold. Some victims have been viciously pistol whipped or cut. One predator wears a blue stocking over his face.
By October the total number of home invasions had jumped to over 24, and at least one additional home invasion gang had sprung up.
On 20 October, the police arrested Brandon Shaw, 17, who may have been involved in some home invasions. He was already out on $20,000 bond awaiting trial for an April attack in which three Black men beat a woman in her front yard when she fought for her purse.
In a home invasion in August, a couple were beaten and robbed. Jewelry, including the woman’s wedding band, was stolen. Some of it turned up at a pawn shop. Police have Shaw in custody and are looking for Darrell Wayne Williams, 19, who is described as an “accomplice.”
In researching this story, we went to the Fort Worth Police Department’s Website, where the chief topic and priority apparently is “racial profiling.” The police chief is Ralph Mendoza, who has the complexion and facial features of someone who just escaped from the Navaho Indian Reservation. ^
®fjunberboU • © 2004
QCbuuberboU jjfanuarp 2004	5
Home invasions
Home invasions target young women

Police say Terre LaRay Jefferson, 29, terrorized the area around the University of Colorado with break-ins and sexual attacks during the summer of 2003. Officers say his known attacks were on 14 May, 27 June, 20 July, and 31 July. One of the victims said he drove a blue Volvo.
On 3 August, a police officer found him sleeping in his blue Volvo in the neighborhood where the attacks took place. Several times, he lied about his name, but when the officer got the truth out of him, he was arrested for an outstanding Denver traffic warrant. He fit the description, and soon the four young women ages 17-20 were able to pick him out of a lineup. The University warned young women not to drop their guard as there are probably other predators in the area. His family and preacher insist he is completely innocent./^
yyyyyyyyyyyy
Green home invaders
According to Portsmouth, Virginia, police, an 81-year-old woman was home alone about 1:20 p.m. on Friday afternoon, 10 October 2003. Two women came to her door dressed in green hospital scrub suits. They claimed to be from a nursing home and had come to deliver a basket of fruit. One of them pushed the victim into a chair and held her there while the other ransacked her home. They stole some cash and fled in a turquoise Nissan Ultima. Police describe both invaders as Black—one is skinny and about 25, and one is fat and about 35.//
Home invasions target Asians
As of 12 August 2003, Houston police say two men are responsible for 14 home invasions targeting Asians. Their modus operandi varies little. The two men knock at the door, and, when someone answers, they force their way in with a shotgun. They make the Asian occupants lie face down. The two take telephone cords connecting phones to the wall and tie the victims’ hands. The occupants are forced to reveal the location of money and valuables. The criminals steal ATM cards and force the occupants to tell them the PIN numbers. Sometimes they kidnap an occupant and take them to an ATM: In one case they brutally gang raped a young woman.
Police describe both predators as Black. One is 28 to 30 years old, 5’ 7" tall and 140 pounds. The other is 30 to 32 years old, 6’0", weighing about 185 pounds. A sketch of one has been released and is shown above. They may be driving a newer model green Cadillac Escalade with dark-tinted windows.
The reward for these two monkeys is a mere $5,000, and police have assigned Officer Tien Nguyen, to the case, apparently to be sensitive to Asians.
Liars like Bush and his Democratic counterparts try to tell us that the threat is external from a few raghead terrorists. What happened to the America we once knew? What happened to the America we built? X
Home invasions can occur any time of day.
fT	^
Invade 2 homes at once |
In Fort Bend County, Texas, at about I 9:15 p.m. on 21 August 2003, three invaders armed with pistols entered a home through a rear window. The victims were herded into the living room and held at gunpoint. They describe the predators as two Hispanics and one Black. All three were wearing black clothing with black bandannas covering their faces.
Two of the men ransacked the house and stole electronics, money, and jewelry. They found the keys to a neighbor’s house. While one Hispanic continued to hold the family, the other two went to the neighbor’s house and entered through the back door. The second group of victims was also held at gunpoint in the bathroom of their home. Their home was looted and ransacked. The predators kept in contact with each other by use of handheld radios.
The two predators at the second home stole a 1996 black Nissan Maxima and escaped. At the same time, the man holding the first family hostage slipped out the door and disappeared. It was 11:45; the raid had lasted about 2/4 hours.
The sheriff’s department was quick to state that these attacks are not related to the “onslaught” of home invasions in the area. This is apparently a new gang. [This sounds more like Mexico than America.] //
Pasco, Florida Invasion shootout
On Tuesday morning, October 14, two men allegedly broke into the rural Pasco, FL, home of two men that they knew. The two invaders broke a window to enter. The four confronted each other and a gun battle broke out. Tyrone Lamar Davis, 24, an alleged invader, was killed. The other invader, described as a 6’1" muscular Black, escaped. Michael J. Thomas who lived at the residence was shot in the stomach and taken to a hospital. //
6 t&ijunberbolt Btanuarp 2004
© 2004 • QEbunberbolt
U.S. Senate’s big 3 on gun control fingered
1—B		
		
	si	w.i M8lw
		
		
	gll'M	Ibaf** , IpPhB
		
		
		
		
Democratic Senators Evan Bayh of Indiana and Mark Pryor of Arkansas singled out three Senators—Barbara Boxer of California, Frank R. Lautenberg of New Jersey, and Charles S. Schumer of New York—as being so anti-gun that they make the Democrats look bad. The big three of gun control in the Senate are all Jews. Between 1% and 2% of the U.S. population is Jewish nationality.
JTA article exposes Jewish opposition to gun ownership
The Jewish Telegraphic Agency (JTA) released an article headlined “Jews appear on ‘blacklist,’ prepared by the NRA, of gun haters.” The JTA article confirms what independent-minded men already know: (1) Jews are in the forefront of gun control, and (2) the NRA is a Politically Correct organization.
The NRA’s list is a Who’s Who of the large and powerful Jewish organizations including the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’irth (ADL), the American Jewish Committee, American Jewish Congress, the Jewish labor Committee, the Union of Jewish Congregations, Hadassah, the National Council of Jewish Women, and the Central Conference of American Rabbis. The list is also a Who’s Who of influential rabbis and powerful Jews in Hollywood.
Interestingly, none of the Jewish organizations deny their anti-gun stand, and, quite the opposite, seem to relish being on the NRA’s list. Abe Foxman of the ADL essentially says, ‘damn right we’re for more gun control and we don’t mind being on the list.’ The NRA sent it’s top Jew, NRA mouthpiece Ted Novin,
Abe Foxman of the powerful ADL say his organization belongs on the “gun hater” list.
to try to limit the damage. Novin denies it’s a blacklist. Every honest member of of the NRA knows that’s exactly what it is.
The NRA needs to admit that if guns don’t kill then vague conspiracies of antigunners don’t cause gun control. Gun control results from the deliberate action of individual men. And, in far out of portion to their numbers, Jews and Blacks oppose your owning guns. Needless to say, the NRA’s list is also a Who’s Who of Black organizations, including the NAACP.y
17 “assault rifles” stolen
Police in Tamarac, Florida, say that shortly after 4:00 a.m. on 15 September 2003, two Nissan Maximas drove up to the front of the AAA Gun and Pawn Store. They know some details from the store’s security video. The men attached a heavy rope or chain from one of the Maximas to the bars that protect the store’s door. The Maxima ripped the bars off, and the men pried open the door. Four Black men wearing masks entered the store with a set of bolt cutters and cut cables securing firearms to their racks.
The store’s audible alarm went off and police units converged on the site. However, all four robbers had escaped taking with them 14 AR-15s and three AK-47s.
The local media picked up the story from the Tamarac police’s robbery report, and carried its text. But all of them skipped the obvious police statement, “Investigators are looking for four Black males.” y
Pollster: Let’s fake being for the 2nd Amendment
A pollster for the Democrats says their candidates need to appear to be for the Second Amendment. Mark Penn said, “The formula for Democrats is to say that they support the Second Amendment, but that they want tough laws that close loopholes.” In other words, “gun safety” is the new euphemism for gun control. Democracy is a joke if voters can be manipulated with word changes. Let’s face it, most of the clowns who are eligible to vote, shouldn’t vote.y
Gun control is inevitable in a mixed-race America, but a mixed-race America is not inevitable.
tEfjunberbolt • © 2004
®bunberbolt STanuarp 2004	7
Violent death & survival in the 21st Century
5-Predator home invasion: 89-year-old g-g-granny dies in gunbattle Neighborhood kids repay Lois’ love with a 7.62 bullet
6:00 a.m. attack. On 4 June, Gregory Lee stole the keys for Lois Cannady’s 1990 Chevrolet Corsica. The 89-year-old woman did not know he had done it.
Before 6:00 a.m. 5 June 2003, one man, who Mrs. Cannady did not know, knocked on her door and asked about a Jeep Cherokee for sale across the street at the home of Greg Lee Senior. Two more perpetrators were hiding around the side of her home pretending to be getting water out of a spigot. The man sprayed her with Mace pepper spray and laughed and laughed as the spray burned the fragile old woman. The three stole her Corsica. Having the keys, they could have just taken it. Why they pepper sprayed her isn’t apparent.
Lois immediately suspected the involvement of Greg Lee, Jr. He knew
Gregory Jamar Lee, 18, has known Lois Cannady since he was a baby. She treated him like a son and he had eaten in her house many times. In fact, when she died, his prom picture was in her apron pocket. Although she had very little money, she paid him $100 to mow her lawn. He lived across the street, had been in her modest home many times, and was able to give the predators details before the attacks. Among local Blacks he is known as “L’i’l Greg” and is known to be a rat, one who talks too much.
she would be up early in the morning (she got up at 4:30 a.m.), and he had mentioned that his dad was thinking about selling a Cherokee. She had practically raised the boy and knew him very well.
Her youngest son, David Cannady, 61, used 2Vz tanks of gas in his pickup looking for her auto. He was a repo man, and he was used to driving through the “baddest” and blackest parts of Durham County to repossess vehicles. He was angry. He didn’t find her Corsica but was still looking at 11:00 p.m. Grandma Cannady was so shook up that she locked her back door that night, something her sons say she had never done before.
11:00 p.m. attack. Gregory Lee, alledgedly one of the five predators, claims he was forced into the robbery at gunpoint. He said that just before 11:00 p.m. “We parked down the street. We walked toward her house under the streetlights, past other houses.” They were armed with two “assault rifles.” He turned off the power to her house at the power box. Finding the back door was locked, he kicked it in.
Apparently, Mrs. Cannady awoke and grabbed her tiny, silver, .22-caliber pistol. She dialed 911, and fired one shot toward the predators. The 911 recording: Durham 911: “Where is your emergency?”
Cannady: “Please send somebody down to 3810 Valley Dale Drive. There’s somebody in my house” (Sound of a single shot.)
Durham 911: “Hello? Ma’am, can you hear me? Hello? Hello?”
It was 11:22 p.m. Lois Canady had been shot in the chest with a 7.62-caliber bullet. Police found her a few minutes later, and her two sons rushed to the scene, but Mrs. Cannady was dead. She was found lying on the side on her bed with the telephone between her shoulder
and cheek. Her tiny pistol was between her feet.
Two days latter, Durham country deputies began rounding up the perpetrators: Little Jerome Freeman, 25, Ricky Evelon Morris Jr., 19, Gregory Jamar Lee, 18, Michael Bernard Sullivan, 16, and Marcus Hawley, 14. Both Greg Lee and Michael Sullivan were neighbors of Mrs. Cannady. Sullivan, believed to be the trigger puller, lived just a few doors down. Police say three suspects are said to be cooperating. As of October 2003, none of the suspects had been brought to trial. V
Ricky Evelon Morris.one of the five who invaded the home of Lois Cannady. On 27 August 2003, Ricky Morris’ attorney indicated she will take advantage of a new law that prevents execution of mentally retarded killers. She claims Morris has an IQ of 66. North Carolina’s legislators said anyone who is too stupid to order a pizza over the phone should not be executed. His attorney said Morris is too dim-witted to know right from wrong. Apparently, he is just one of hundreds of thousands of mad dog, potential killers allowed to run loose.
© 2004 • COmibcrbolt
I
Lois Cannady, 89, outlived her husband and two of her four sons. Her survivors include 15 grandchildren, 15 greatgrandchildren, and 3 great-greatgrandchildren. She had worked hard all her life and had retired from a drapery firm. She remained active and was a volunteer coordinator for the Durham Council for Senior Citizens. Among the stolen items was her walker.
If she had a fault, it was being too generous and motherly. She had lived in the same house for forty years and had practically raised two generations of Black kids in the neighborhood. The kids called her Grandma, as had some of their parents years before. One son, David, 61, said, “She was an awesome mom. I know we all think our moms are the best in the world, but my mom was a really good woman. It didn’t matter what color you was or if you had two legs or three legs, she loved you.” Lois and her sons often gave the neighborhood kids lunch money.
Ralph, 71, her other surviving son, said she was brave and he knew she would fight if the predators ever came for her. He said, “You didn’t want to get on the bad side of that woman.” On 30 July 2003, she would have been 90. On 5 June, five predators armed with assault rifles murdered Lois Cannady during their second attack on her within 18 hours.
Working mom gunned down at Piggly Wiggly
On 20 August 2003, Cayce police Chief Charles McNair said he was confident that the three men pictured above are guilty of the murder of Merry Shivers and the shooting of a sixteen-year-old during a robbery. However, he was forced to drop charges for lack of evidence.
On 20 November 2001, Merry Shivers, 37 and mother of two, was working at the Cayce, SC, Piggly Wiggly just to make some extra money for Christmas. It was just before closing time, when three Black men in masks walked in. They had come to rob the store, but for some unexplained reason, they just opened fire with 9mm and .45-caliber bullets. Mary Shivers was hit in the chest and died within a few minutes. A16-year-old boy employee was badly hit in the arm and went into shock; he survived. The men grabbed the money from the cash register and fled. No one saw their faces or got a description of their getaway vehicle.
On 6 January, Cayce police served warrants on three suspects, all of whom were in jail on other charges. The three men shown above are Courtney Sharif Geiger, 21, Marshall Mack, 25, and, John Willie Sutton, 20.
However, police were unable to come up with the weapons used in the shooting and have no eyewitnesses. When charges were dropped Sutton was in prison on an unrelated charge. Mack was out of jail but facing drug charges that could earn him 30 years. Geiger’s whereabouts were unknown.
Since the killing, Mrs. Shivers’ husband, Stan Shivers, has pressured the police and prosecutors to bring the murderers and any accomplices to justice. He says the justice system “works for the criminal.”,*'
Merry Shivers was working part time at the Piggly Wiggly just to make a little extra Christmas money for her husband and two kids. Her family says she was a very gentle woman.
Kiioohi nvloohr
"■■•SI!
DOWN HOME, DOWN THE STREET
No store is safe. Even if stores had armed guards, they would not be safe. What is your solution to the armed robbery/murder epidemic in the U.S.?
Think about it
There are 90 unsolved murders just in Cincinnati. There are tens of thousand of unsolved murders in the U.S. Most of those killers are still running loose.
QEtyunberbolt January 2004	9
Woman killed by burglar Some of our women are afraid to return to their own homes. Can you blame them?
Rodney D. Adkins, 40, has a criminal record going back to 1981 including an eight year prison term for burglary. He was on parole when he allegedly killed Catherine McAvinchey.
On 31 July 2003, Catherine McAvinchey, 44, returned to her Oak Park, Illinois, home. She was a manager at the Neiman Marcus store in Chicago. She interrupted a burglar who police say was Rodney D. Adkins. He tackled her so hard it broke her spine. Then he went to the kitchen to get a large knife, and returned to the helpless victim. He slit her throat with such force that it nearly decapitated her. He stole her computer and other items.
Police allege that Adkins continued his crime spree burglarizing several homes in nearby Oak Park. He was arrested on 5 September 2003. Police say they have recovered some of Catherine McAvinchey’s property that Adkins sold to pawn shops. X
Angry judge predicts vigiluntism
Judge Charles Arnold
Jacksonville, FL, Judge Charles Arnold is considered to be hard on criminals. On September 19,2003, he had rough words at the sentencing of three gunmen who shot into a crowd of rivals, killing one and wounding three.
He said that professional athletes and rap stars were bad role models, “because they want to run around and act like gangsters, drive fancy cars.... and smoke cocaine.” The judge was apparently referring to the NFL’s Jacksonville Jaguars whose Black players have been in continual trouble. Of course, Judge Arnold did not refer directly or indirectly to race.
His most interesting comment was that, if the crime epidemic continues, we would soon see vigilantism. Had the victim been White, of course, he could not have referred to vigilantism or its cousin lynching.
Editorial: We wonder if anyone in America has the courage to be a vigilante. But more important is Judge Arnold blaming the bad behavior of the three and other violent Blacks on bad Black role models. Blacks are going to do what they do regardless of role models. The role model blame game is just another cop-out. It is just one more type of blaming the environment for Black behavior. You’ve heard them all: Blacks kill because of poverty, lack of education, lack of hope, lack of a father in the home, lack of recreational facilities, and now lack of role models. The truth is Blacks kill because of lack of genetics. They are bom that way.,*
These three were convicted of the murder of Tim Stampler. Left to right they are Dewayne Ward, 18, John Patterson, 18, and probably Marcus Jackson, 19.
In May 2002, two groups of Black teens had a fight outside the Evolution bar in Jacksonville, Florida. One side drew pistols and opened fire. They killed Tim Stampler and wounded three of his buddies. Stampler, 18, was a Marine home on leave, so the murder attracted more attention than usual.
Two of the gunmen, Dewayne Ward and Marcus Jackson, turned states evidence and testified against the third, John Patterson. Judge Arnold sentenced Paterson to life and the other two to 40 year sentences.,*'
Irish-Catholic singer strangled by rapper
Claire Clay, 25, (left) was a grade school teacher at a Catholic school and an aspiring R&B singer in Philadelphia Fans say she was “incredibly wonderfii and beautiful” and “men got obsessiv* over her.” She had been working on ai album with a want-to-be rapper name Benjamin “Benny Moose” Cooper, 15 Police say he confessed to “arguing” wit her in his apartment. He strangled he with a garrote, killed her, and put her bod behind a trash bin in a park. He poure fuel over her and lit her on fire.,*
© 2004 i tElmnberb
Pueblo home invasion
Derrick Wagner (right) was the son of a popular football coach. In Pueblo, Colorado, he roomed with Ricardo Lewis and police later found 38 marijuana plants in their apartment. On Tuesday 11 March 2003, just after 12:15 a.m., Lewis answered the door and battled briefly with three masked intruders, who stormed into the apartment and demanded money. Lewis and Derrick Wagner had their hands raised, covered at gunpoint. One of the home invaders shot Wagner in the side, and he bled to death before help could arrive. Wagner’s roommate had no idea who the killers were, and he passed a polygraph test.
Wagner’s parents pushed the police department to solve the case. They offered a $20,000 reward. Susie Wagner, Derrick’s mother, spent her days tacking up reward posters to try to find a witness k and to keep pressure on the police and I media. Finally, a tipster gave police the W nickname of a suspect. Police discovered the nickname belonged to Willie Robbins (pictured left), who was already in jail on
Neighborhood nice
Paul Degnan, 51, a White widower, lived in a mostly Black neighborhood in Bradenton, FL, but felt safe. Neighbors said “race didn’t make any difference” to Degnan,” and that the generous man would “give you the shirt off his back.”
He worked as a mechanic and gave a set of tools to a neighbor who was trying to get started as a mechanic. He also had an extensive DVD collection, which he loaned to neighbors. Degnan sold treats to the neighborhood kids, mostly because he liked kids.
Police say that at about 10:00 p.m.,
19 September 2003, Howard Lee Hamilton, 24, (pictured above, right) came to rob Degnan. Hamilton, using a .357 revolver, shot and killed Degnan. And he shot Degnan’s dog, who died beside his master. A friend of Hamilton’s says Hamilton got only $29 in the robbery and he used it to buy cocaine. Three dollars were found in the dead man’s hand.
The next day, police took Hamilton in for questioning. Hamilton kicked the door of the police car and shouted profanities at the officers. He refused to answer any questions, so they released him. When they finally got an arrest warrant, they raided Hamilton’s aunt’s home three times before finally cornering him. Prosecutors charged him with murder, y
k other charges.
Willie John Russell Robbins, now W 21, was arrested in 1997 for his first adult charges at age 15. But those charges — second-degree assault and menacing with a deadly weapon — were dropped in exchange for a guilty plea on a separate juvenile charge.
In September 2001, he pleaded guilty to felony drug possession. And Judge Victor Reyes gave him a shockingly light 90-day suspended sentence. In December 2001, Judge Reyes sentenced him to 20 days in jail for failing four drug tests
during his suspended sentence. In March 2002, Robbins was sentenced to five days in jail for failing an additional series of drug tests. In February 2003, he was sentenced to five years in a halfway house for more parole violations. On 11 March, Derrick Wagner was killed; Police say one of the killers was Willie Robbins.
In May 2003, the halfway house kicked Robbins out for testing positive for drugs. He was sentenced to one year in jail and was still in jail on that charge when he was arrested for the Wagner murder, y
guy killed for $29
Howard Lee Hamilton, 24, was arrested for the murder of Paul Degnan. Hamilton has an extensive criminal history. Starting in 1997, he served 21 months of a 25-month sentence for burglary, auto theft, and attempted robbery. He has also served three shorter sentences.
More remarkable are the trials he has avoided. In 2001, he and another man were charged in the murder of two “Hispanic” men. The police had plenty of witnesses. However, all of them, except one, changed their story. That one witness disappeared. Charges were dropped. Then early in 2003, Hamilton and two other men were charged with kidnapping a woman who they were trying to force to disclose the location of her boyfriend. She changed her story, and charges were dropped.
A second remarkable thing about Hamilton is how he manipulates the system. Before he went to prison in 1997, prosecutors had intended to lock him up for a much longer time. Hamilton, who the court found to be retarded, was declared incompetent and sent to a nuthouse at taxpayer expense. To get him into prison, prosecutors had to agree to the short 25-month sentence. Somehow, he was too incompetent to stand trial but competent enough to work out and agree to a plea bargain.
tEljuntocrbolt | © 2004
tEbunberbolt 3fauuarp 2004	11
Predators attack those who can’t fight back
The story of two immigrants: drunk carjacks blond beauty
Attack on Rebecca Scott
At 1:45 p.m. on Saturday, 20 September 2003, Rebecca Scott, 27, was vacuuming her car at a 7-Eleven convenience store and car wash in Denver. A man, naked to the waist and wearing tan pants, grabbed her and menaced her with a box-cutter-type knife. He tried to carjack her and told her in a heavy accent to “drive.” A customer came out of the 7-Eleven, and she pleaded for help. Her attacker let go and simply turned and walked away. In a few minutes, the same attacker would strike again.
Attack on Aida Beharic
Aida Beharic and her brother Damir were on a shopping trip to Denver. They are originally from Bosnia. At about 2:00, they stopped at a liquor store. The store refused to let her in, because she was only 20. But her brother went in to make a purchase. About the same time, a store employee also refused to admit a man who the police now say was Cesar Ulysses Escobar, 30. He was drunk and naked from the waist up. He was wearing tan pants that looked like they were about to fall off. He had “spiky” hair.
Miss Beharic was waiting in her black Ford Escort for her brother. Escobar, who is originally from Mexico, opened her driver’s-side door and stuck his body half way into her Escort. She describes him as “totally drunk” and “deranged.” He asked if anyone else was in the vehicle. She started crying and said, “Who are you, and what do you want with me?”
He forced his way in. He had a large hunting knife and threatened her with it. He roared off. Escobar drove down an alley and asked her to pick out a dumpster. She asked, “Why?”
Escobar replied, “I’m going to kill you. Which dumpster would you like your body to be put in?” He told her that he was a rapist and a killer. He had a very heavy accent and often she could not understand him. She was still crying when
her cell phone rang. She quickly answered; it was her brother asking why she had left. Escobar grabbed the phone. Later she said, “He told my brother that if he calls the police, he’s going to kill me, and I’m never going to see my family anymore.”
Escobar said, “We’re busy. Leave us the f— alone.” He threw the cell phone out the window. Damir called the police, because he could tell his sister was in a total panic.
For the next five hours, she lived in terror. He was drunk and crazy. He always had the large knife to her back. He attacked her several times, kissing her, licking her face, and biting her lips. But Aida kept her teeth clenched tight, not wanting to kiss the drunken, filthy beast.
For most of the five hours, he drove at speeds over 75 miles per hour. He ran a red light and hit a van, but kept right on going. He wouldn’t let her wear a seat belt, because he wanted them both to die if they crashed. She later related, “He said I’m the most beautiful girl he’d ever met and that I’m going to be his future wife, that he was going to take me to Canada and marry me.”
He took her to several stores, including a liquor store where he bought more beer. Then he drove to a drug dealer’s house, where Escobar bought marijuana. Always, he had the knife poking her back. He took her to several friends’ houses and introduced her as his fiancee. She tried to make eye contact with the people and mouth the words “911” and “police,” but they acted like they didn’t notice. She got a five-hour look into the hell-hole underworld of the Mexicans in Denver.
He rambled on constantly, while he roared through the Denver metro area. He talked about his ex-wife in Chicago, his jail time, the drunken driving tickets he’d gotten in California and Illinois, and how he’d ran out before going to court. Over and over, he professed his love for her and told her how she looked like his ex-wife and daughter.
Aida Beharic, 20, is an immigrant from Bosnia. The photo above was taken before the hell she went through during a carjacking and kidnapping in Denver. The photo below shows her a few days after her escape.
Among the things she said after her brave escape were:
“He doesn’t care how many people there are [watching]. He’s going to kill me.”
“I can’t sleep.”
“He would have hurt me.”
“I don’t want to be alone. I just want (the Denver police) to catch him.”
“I’m having really bad flashbacks. ... All I can see is his face.”
“I’m still going to be watching my back. He’s behind the bars, but he is not the only person that is like that out there.”
12 t&fmnberbolt 3tanuar? 2004
© 2004 • QTIjunberbolt
Violent death & survival in the 21st Century
This continued until they pulled into a mobile home park. She noticed that, “He had left my keys in my vehicle.” He got out of the Escort and started around a trailer. She jumped behind the wheel and roared off. The drunken Escobar ran after her with the large hunting knife.
She stopped at a grocery store and quickly called home to talk to her mother.
A policeman waiting there tried to keep her on the phone, but she said, “I’ve got to go. I know he’s so close. He’s right down from the store. He doesn’t care how many people there are. He’s going to kill me.” Then she drove off again, sure he was still in pursuit. In fact, she still thinks he’s in pursuit and has flashbacks of his horrid drunken face. It was 7:15 p.m. Aida Beharic had survived five hours of living hell and had escaped.
Police couldn’t find Escobar. But Miss Beharic was able to take police to one of the homes Escobar had taken her to. There, police were able to get a name for him. At the liquor store, an employee was able to show police a booze bottle the half-naked drunk had tried to buy. They got fingerprints off the bottle, ran them through a high-speed computer identification system, and they came back to Cesar Ulysses Escobar.
Police launched a massive manhunt for Escobar. The police and news media described him as “as white, 28 to 35 years old, with brown or black hair in a buzz cut or possibly spiked.” But with a name like Escobar many of the public weren’t fooled.
Finally, at 5:20 p.m. on Monday they found him and arrested him without incident. Police charged Escobar with five felonies for carjacking Miss Beharic: second-degree kidnapping, unlawful sexual contact with force, aggravated robbery, aggravated motor vehicle theft, and menacing. They also charged him with attempted kidnapping and menacing for the first attack, the one on the woman at the carwash.
Women in Denver breathed a sigh of relief. But Aida is not so sure. “I’m just glad that he can’t hurt anybody else no more. ... I’m still going to be watching my back. He’s behind the bars, but he is not the only person that is like that out there.” y
Cesar Ulysses Escobar: Men like Bush & Clinton say Escobar just came to the U.S. to work, just to do jobs that no American would do.
Escobar is holding up his pants at the liquor store. Taken just after his attack at the car wash and just a minute or so before his attack on Aida Beharic
Escobar’s booking photo taken two days after his crime spree.
These are just a few of the tens of thousands who made Escobar’s crimes possible, by welcoming him and other non-White immigrants. Perhaps, we should call them unindicted co-conspirators.
Escobar’s appearance is different in the court room. Note that his hair has been cut. Criminals often use this tactic because it confuses some witnesses, and it makes them look more conservative.
{Eljunberbolt • © 2004
t&bunberbolt Sfanuarp 2004	1	3
ESWfiS
Hispanic gang explosion in NC’s Triangle
Inborn Mexican tribal culture arrives in North Carolina
God’s drug kingpin?
Foxista cardinal accused of drug cartel ties
Powerful Mexican Cardinal Juan Sandoval (pictured) has been accused of being a major money launderer. Under the Catholic system, he commands half of Mexico’s vast population of peasants. On 30 September 2003, he put 60,000 supporters marching in the streets to demand the government stop its probe of him.
Cardinal Sandoval has long claimed that his predecessor, Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo, was gunned down by drug gangs to keep Ocampo from talking to the police. The current, ruling Foxista regime says he was accidentally killed in crossfire between two battling drug cartels.
There have been allegations that when Sandoval was Bishop Sandoval of Cuidad Juarez, major drug traffickers heavily financed the churches under his control. In 1997, several priests admitted they were taking large “donations” from drug dealers.
In addition to Sandoval, implicated in the latest scandal are Mexican federal Congressman Fernando Guzman and a major businessman with ties to Cuban dictator Fidel Castro.
Cardinal Sandoval has one powerful ally. President Vicente Fox is a devout Catholic and long-time associate of Sandoval. When Fox’s mother was celebrating her birthday on 21 September 2003, Fox ordered a government helicopter to fly Cardinal Sandoval to the party, y
Durham, North Carolina, police say there are about 500 known hispanic gang members just in Durham. The total in the area runs into the thousands. Durham County public schools have identified nine Hispanic gangs operating on their campuses. Some are local gangs, and some are gangs identifying with the big gangs in Texas and California, including the Latin Kings, Mara Salvatrucha, Los Sureos, 18th Street, Vatos Locos, and Orphans.
In the Raleigh-Durham area, these gangs have been involved in murder, assaults, robberies, drug dealing, and home invasions. Like dogs urinating on fences, the gangs paint their graffiti to mark their territory.
Officials say that the young Mexicans are prewired to become gang members, and it is difficult to prevent them from doing so. Hardcore gang members from the Southwest have moved into the area to escape prosecution and to exploit the new territory. The masses of ignorant Indians and half-breeds pouring in from Mexico provide them with a large supply of eager trainees.
Local media continues to brag on the culture of the new immigrants and their “Hispanic values.” Occasionally, they do carry a story which inadvertently exposes the truth. One story is of little Joshua Paz, 16, who dressed in baggy pants, a white tank top, and a blue bandanna. He bragged that he was a member of the Latin Kings and he flashed hand signals. His family insisted he was just a kid who liked to dress that way and was being discriminated against by the schools and police. On 31 May 2003, Paz was “accidentally” mowed down by his companions during a bank robbery. Police say he bled to death clutching his chrome “Mac-90 assault weapon.” [See inset.]
Police agencies in North Carolina’s Triangle are bracing for the explosion. They are hiring additional officers, especially ones that speak Spanish. Existing officers are receiving training on
Hispanic gangs and some are taking Spanish language classes. The “Hispanic” population in the Triangle has jumped 400% in the last ten years, y
Conventional AK-47 configuration
We have been unable to identify the “Mac-90.” We suspect the weapon was a MAK-90, which is an AK-47 variant manufactured by the Chinese arms firm Norinco. The MAK-90 has a thumbhole, while the conventional AK-47s have a pistol grip. In May 2003, a Florida man was convicted of smuggling 650 MAK-90 rifles from Florida to Columbia.
The first time an illegal is caught, he is allowed to leave the U.S. under escort. If he later applies for a tourist visa or work visa, his previous action is not held against him. Only after his second arrest, is an illegal really considered an illegal. All illegals know they have this one “get out of jail free card.”
i-----------------------------
| In Mexico, the Vicente Fox forces are |
called Foxistas.
I____________________________l
r —— — — — — — — — — — i
Are you tired of the media extolling | the virtues of illegal aliens? Umm-mmmmmmm — mmmm-mmm — J
© 2004 • GTijunberboU
Bush secretly opens borders to illegal flood
Among the actions of the Bush administration are his refusal to enforce laws against employers who hire illegals and his orders to stop raids against those employers. In 1996, the INS raided 808 employers; while in 2002, they raided just 13. Even if you don’t know about the change in policy, the Mexicans and others know, and they are flooding in.
What happened? Republican U.S. senators and representatives pressured Bush to stop the raids, and Bush, who was for increased immigration, quickly complied. Raids on poultry plants and vegetable growers in the South were hurting production and profits, and the corporations controlling them threatened to cut off support for Bush.
In the upper Midwest, meatpacking plants were raided and their Republican senators and representatives came crying to Bush and threatening him. In Nebraska, the INS gave advance warning to 40 meat-packing plants and then moved in to check documents. Of the 26,000 employees at those plants, 7,700 (30%) were either caught with false documents or disappeared. Midwest Senators and representatives complained.
U.S. Rep. Tancredo of Colorado says less than 10 of 100 U.S. senators are for moderate enforcement of our immigration laws. The other 90 are solidly in the camp of the open borders crowd. The have sold out your future. In Tancredo’s Colorado, arrests of illegals fell from 15,500 per year to just 451 in 2002.
What Bush is doing to placate the public is to deport a limited number of
criminals, but to give their deportation maximum publicity. Among the deportations this year are nearly a thousand sex criminals from Mexico, and Central and South America. These are not ordinary rapists, but child rapists. Their deportations were accompanied by press releases and press conferences. For example, on 11 September 2003, agents from ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, rounded up 13 sex predators in the Denver area. ICE vows to deport them after they have been furnished counsel and given several hearings.
There are some 300,000 known criminals on the ICE deportation list, but they can find only a few.y
Colorado bars matricula consular
A growing number of states, local governments, and banks accept the Mexican identification card known as the matricula consular. Colorado went in the opposite direction. On 22 May 2003, the matricula consular became invalid in Colorado as legal ID. Both the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI have been fighting a losing battle against acceptance of this ID. They say it’s a major risk to national security, and that terrorists will use it.
Many of the approximately ten million illegal aliens living in the U.S. have a matricula consular. In fact, illegals from other countries can also get them at any Mexican consulate in the U.S. All they have to do is show a fake Mexican birth certificate, which can be bought locally from any number of fake ID merchants that loiter near all the Mexican consulates.
Colorado’s outlawing of the Mexican ID, is a tiny victory in the losing battle against the oncoming waves of immigrants that are swamping the U.S.y/
Asa Hutchinson has become Bush’s point man to prevent enforcement of our laws on immigration. Hutchinson is in the Department of Homeland Security. Bush transferred the INS there and renamed it ICE.
Hutchinson is a career, professional politician. For years, he served as the hatchet man and chief shyster for the Republican Party in Arkansas. Hutchinson is also a long term associate of the Tyson poultry empire.
Sister Ping
On 9 September 2003, a Federal judge denied bond to Cheng Chui Ping, 54, a Manhattan “businesswoman.” She operated an illegal money transfer business, and the U.S. Attorney’s office alleges she was involved in illegal alien smuggling. They claim she was involved in Golden Venture where 10 illegal aliens died. Had they not died, she would likely have not been heavily prosecuted./^
t&tfunbevbolt • © 2004
[{berbolt Stonuarp 2004	1	5
Gray Davis gives driver’s licenses to illegals
Gray Davis and Joseph Lieberman caught in an intimate moment.
On Friday, 5 September 2003, California Governor Gray Davis signed into law a bill giving driver’s licenses to illegal aliens without criminal background checks, proof of citizenship or legal visa status. Driver’s licenses are effectively the legal identification card in the U.S.
In many parts of California, “Hispanics” partied in the streets after Gray signed the legislation. They were waving the flags of the countries they are loyal to: Mexico, Honduras, Nicaragua, Columbia, and others.
Now Mexican drug dealers, pimps, immigrant smugglers, et cetera can drive the streets with no fear of being arrested for no driver’s licenses or fake driver’s licenses. Already, there are over two million illegal aliens in California.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the new governor, made an election pledge to overturn the driver’s license bill because of terrorism concerns. However, he cannot do so without a majority vote of both houses of the California legislature. Likely, it was just a campaign promise that won’t be kept. During the election, Schwarzenegger confessed to sexual assaults of women, following allegations of women who say he groped them. If women can’t trust this sexual pervert why should voters? y
To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico.
2 Mexican train robbers sentenced in attack on FBI
In September 2002, two FBI agents (one male and one female) were investigating over a million dollars in train robberies near the Mexican border. Organized gangs of bandits would dash across the border, force open rail cars, and steal everything they could carry.
Ten to 12 bandits caught the FBI agents and brutally beat them with pipes, boards, and rocks. Both were rushed to a hospital, remained in a coma for some time, and suffered serious and permanent damage.
FBI agents rushed to the area and caught 16 bandits. In September 2003, two of the attackers were sentenced to two years in prison. [Two years for nearly killing two FBI agents?]
The Mexican government says that following the attacks, two FBI agents walked a few feet into Mexico to confiscate several pipes that might have been used as weapons in the beating. Although they were accompanied by Mexican police, the Mexican government threatened to prosecute the FBI agents. Corruption in the Mexican police forces and government is widespread, y
Study: 1st amnesty program a dismal failure
In August 2003, researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank in Dallas completed their long-awaited study on the 1986 amnesty program. Under the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act, the U.S. Congress gave 2.7 million illegal aliens amnesty and permanent residency in the U.S. Those who passed the law promised that it would greatly curtail the flow of illegal immigrants across the Mexican border. The researchers proved that, if anything, the flow actually increased.
Editor: Also increasing in the U.S. were crime, drug dealing, welfare costs, unemployment, and “Hispanic” power, y
Mexico’s today is our tomorrow
Crime in Mexico is soaring. The police provide little protection because they are lazy and corrupt and often are criminals themselves. One study showed that 85% of Mexicans live in fear of imminent crime. Kidnapping for ransom is a major crime problem there.
For the rich, this means bulletproof sports cars, tailed by one or more steel-plated SUV’s each containing three or more armed body guards. Armoring a vehicle can cost from $40,000 to $80,000. The more expensive custom jobs will withstand grenade attacks and direct hits from multiple rifle rounds.
Restaurants have guards armed with “assault rifles” and even the typical comer store has attack dogs.
Many of the rich are vowing to leave Mexico and come to the U.S., but fear their criminals are already moving to the U.S. where the pickings are easier, y
Mexican border policy
On 8 September 2003, Robert Mueller speaking in San Antonio outlined the U.S. policy regarding the Mexican border. According to the Associated Press he said the policy is “letting beneficial trade and immigrants pass through while filtering out potential terrorist threats.” Mueller’s primary concern is keeping Al-Qaeda from crossing the border. He supports President Bush’s open borders and amnesty for illegal aliens policies.
© 2004 • EliuiibeiboU
Peter attends law school
Peter Odighizuwa, 45, is one of the immigrants that the media relentlessly tells us just came here to work. He was attending a small law school in Grundy, Virginia. He was kicked out and then flunked out for a second time. He returned the next day, 16 January 2002, carrying a .380-caliber, silver auto-loader. He moved down the halls in a methodical and cold fashion. He went into Law School Dean Anthony Sutin’s office and fired two shoots into Sutin’s chest. Sutin collapsed bleeding profusely. He managed to crawl into the hall but died before help could arrive.
Then Odighizuwa walked coolly into the office of Professor Thomas Blackwell, who was eating his lunch. Odighizuwa raised his pistol to a few feet from the professor’s head and shot him dead.
Odighizuwa, like a primordial beast, walked slowly down the stairs and into the lunch room, where students were eating lunch. He walked up to a table where three girls were sitting, eating, and talking. He shot Angela Dales twice in the throat. She grabbed her throat and said, “My God, I’ve been shot.” Blood squirted between her fingers and poured down her chest; she quickly bled to death. The other girls tried to escape. Madeline Short ducked, but Odighizuwa shot her in the back; she survived. Rebecca Brown was shot in the stomach and left arm; she fell in extreme pain but survived.
A bullet shattered the window above the head of Stacey Beans, who was at a nearby table. She ducked down to try to avoid the rain of sharp glass shards. When she looked up, Odighizuwa was standing
over her. She begged for her life, “Please don’t shoot me.” The Nigerian shot her anyway; she also survived. His gun was empty, and he walked outside. A student had gotten his own gun from a car and covered Odighizuwa. So Odighizuwa laid his gun down and raised his hands.
Odighizuwa’s lawyer tried to avoid prosecution by referring to Odighizuwa’s history of paranoid schizophrenia and depression. On 5 September 2003, he was declared competent to stand trial and he had his preliminary hearing on 15 September. At that hearing, students recounted what they saw in the gruesome, bloody slaughterhouse the day Peter killed three and wounded three.
Every U.S. University, large and small, public or private, prestigious or second-rate, has programs to encourage foreigners. Usaully, they are admitted with lower qualifications, and given scholarships or free tuition. And every officer and dean in those schools is part of this scheme. You will have to decide if they are to be held accountable, and if academics will replace Political Correctness and internationalism. X
Keep your windows rolled up while visiting Galveston
In September 2003, Galveston, Texas, police reported that several inspection stickers are being stolen each day in that once nice city. Ethnic gangs carefully slice them off and then resell them for about $20.
Mexican government investigates North Carolina farm worker abuse
In September 2003, Mexico said it will investigate alleged abuses against 9,000 Mexican farm workers in North Carolina. Bruce Goldstein, Jewish codirector of the Farmworker Justice Fund, has long lobbied for action.
These workers are in the U.S. legally under the Federal “guest worker” program. They were invited in by the North Carolina Growers Association. Local Blacks have refused the jobs, and the farmers choose profits over patriotism, y
Afghanistan comes to Cincinnati
“Refugees” from Afghanistan are coming to the U.S., even though the U.S. spent billions to allegedly free the Afghans from the Taliban. They are coming here because they “fear” the Taliban who are virtually extinct and in control of only a few remote caves. The UN declared the Afghans refugees anyway, and groups like the Catholic Social Services are bringing these Shi’a Muslims in and then virtually abandoning them in the ghetto.
One family was moved into the projects in Cincinnati’s Winton Terrace; a place where people are killed and a sniper shot at a cop who was writing an ordinary traffic ticket.
But the Afghans say it is better than their normal culture in Afghanistan or in Pakistan where they stayed before coming to the U.S. Everything is corrupt there, and girls can’t go to school. Here, they can attend Cincinnati’s high schools, where the men wear pants so low that they are about to fall off. And the girls wear tops cut so low that they look like hookers. And now they can listen to rap music, y
CfounberboU • © 2004
QEfnittberboU 3Januarp 2004	1	7
AFL-CIO
just another taco union
Linda Chavez-Thompson Executive Vice President, AFL-CIO
At one time, the AFL-CIO was strongly opposed to open immigration and was for sanctions against employers who hired illegal aliens. However, the AFL-CIO is now for amnesty for all illegals because it wants to unionize those it calls “people of color” who are swarming across America’s borders.
In the U.S., union membership fell from 27% of the workforce in 1953 to 13.2% in 2002. AFL-CIO big man John Sweeney and his right hand Mexican, Linda Chavez-Thompson, are willing to sell out America to maintain their power and prestige.
Most recently the AFL-CIO bankrolled much of the money required for motels, food, and busses for the mass of riffraff that Chavez-Thompson called immigration “freedom riders.”y
Illegals have massive drug cartel in East Tennessee
The FBI has broken up a new cartel of illegal aliens which sold $5 million in drugs to Americans in rural East Tennessee counties. The cartel bought a tomato farm and turned it into a distribution center for cocaine, marijuana and methamphetamine. They brought the drugs across the border to McAllen, Texas, and then over the Interstate to Tennessee. Of the 34 arrested, 27 have “Hispanic” names and are believed to be illegals. Agents captured $ 120,000 in cash and large quantities of drugs. y
Wisconsin’s Hispanic brain drain
Activists in Wisconsin are pushing for a law that will exempt illegals from paying out-of-state tuition rates at state schools. Heading the movement are the Lutherans and Jenny Salgado. Salgado, 25, said she had to drop out of college because she was an illegal alien. She is now paid by Voices Beyond the Border.
What is happening, according to Salgado, is that Hispanics are becoming waiters and kitchen workers instead of doctors and scientists, y
Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut became the new darling of the open borders crowd after a 3 September 2003 speech blasting President Bush for being too hard on illegal aliens. Lieberman outlined his own plan to give amnesty to up to 10 million illegals. The Senator tore into Bush for “turning his back” on the amnesty issue. He demanded that Bush denounce anyone opposing Bush’s own amnesty plan.
Hilton Head DL crooks
South Carolina troopers have arrested Emeryl Baldwin Wright, 35, for allegedly altering driver’s licenses for illegal aliens. Wright was the third employee arrested in September 2003 at the Department of Motor Vehicles for taking money from the illegals for the fraudulent licenses. Troopers report an increase in bad licenses and other false ID.y
Undocumented Workers
Wanted
	#
	
	
	TB* Mi wm
	1
	
On 10 September 2003, police in Pearsall, Texas, began a manhunt for two undocumented workers who escaped from Frio County Detention Center. Somehow these Federal prisoners just “walked” out of the jail and guards deny seeing them leave.
Jorge Perez Delgado, 45, (right) was being held on drug charges, and Oscar Herrada Herrera, 29, (left) was being held on heroin and illegal alien smuggling charges. Both are considered armed and dangerous and may have slipped back temporarily into their native Mexico, y
Jewish immigrants complain
South Florida newspapers are running headlines like “Latina Jews struggle to assimilate.” Jews from South America have been pouring into the U.S., including into the Palm Beach area, and they are complaining. Even though 45% of the people in the area speak Spanish as their first language, these Hispanic Jews feel lonely. They don’t want to talk to local Gentile Hispanics; they want to talk to their own ethnic Jews, and most of them speak English. They also want their children to go to all-Jewish schools and attend all-Jewish cultural events.
The powerful American Jewish Committee is stepping in to help these immigrants assimilate, not into America, but into the Jewish “community.” And they don’t care if the new Jews practice any kind of Jewish religion; the majority of Jews do not. Instead they want the immigrants to join the Jewish tribe. The AJC knows that the strength of the Jewish nation lies in their unity, no matter what country they live in. y
18	Cbunberbolt Sfanuarp 2004
4» tEbunberbolt
Small Foxista victory
Within days of the 15 August 2003 arrest of Armando Valencia, experts were saying it would have little effect on Mexican drugs flowing into the U.S. Valencia controlled the Millenium cartel, which was allied with Fox’s political rivals. For 2XA years Fox has relentlessly tried to destroy those gangs that he saw as enemies to his own faction, known in Mexico as the Foxistas. Valencia’s Millenium was especially successful at assassinating Foxista officials. Only a few top members of the Millenium cartel were captured and its number two, Luis Valencia Valencia, 48, remains a fugitive.
While the Bush and Fox administrations are claiming a major success, the starfish effect is the likely result. When a starfish is cut up, each part of the starfish grows into a new starfish.
There also has been no decrease in drugs flowing into the U.S. since the 15 August 2002 action. The Foxistas eliminated the Felix cartel by capturing Benjamin Arellano Felix in March 2002 and assassinating his brother, Ramon Arellano Felix, a month later. That action also had no effect on the drug flow.
65% of American voters oppose a new amnesty for illegals. Yet Bush is pushing for it. Why? Bush knows the media are more powerful than the voters.
Illegals waste $74 billion just in schools
The anti-immigration group FAIR’S new study shows that illegal immigrants in public schools are costing American taxpayers $74 billion. It has the media upset. In Greeley, Colorado, the associate school superintendent, Cheryl Wangerman says she’ll go to jail before she’ll tell Colorado authorities who is an illegal. And besides she welcomes the 3,426 students that can’t speak English.
The real damage done by the flood of illegals is not economic and no amount of money can repair that damage, y
yyyyyyyyyyyy
11% of niegals from Mexico are not Mexicans
The Mexican border is so easy to cross that illegals from all over are coming to Mexico and then slipping across the border into the U.S. The 11% of non-Mexicans include those from Honduras, Guatemala, Brazil, El Salvador, Peru, and Kenya, y
yyyyyyyyyyyy
1 in 5 in Colorado & Denver are “Hispanic”
The Denver “Hispanic” population is now at 20.3% and at the present growth rate, Hispanics will be the majority in 2047. Whites will be a minority long before that due to large populations of Blacks, Asians, American Indians, and other non-Whites. Almost all Colorado “Hispanics” are half-breeds and Indians from Mexico.
In the resort areas of Colorado, up to 50% of the population is “Hispanic.” In Telluride, many resorts will not hire Whites who cannot speak Spanish.
And of course, Colorado’s poverty rate is increasing at about the same rate as the increase in non-Whites. The number of homes without telephones and other essential utilities is growing rapidly. y
We’ll be back
Judge Gilberto Hinojosa of Harlingen, Texas, says of illegals being deported, “I think that, 80% of the time, they will want to come back. They come from little communities (in Central and Southern Mexico) where there is 95% unemployment.” He doesn’t tell you that most are Indians from primitive subsistence economies. In a subsistence economy, each person works for himself and is self-employed. Saying that they are unemployed is like saying American farmers are unemployed, y
U.S. deports 71,000 convicted criminals in 1 year
The 71,000 convicted criminals deported are 65% of the total 110,000 illegals deported in the most recent fiscal year. They include child rapists, child sex abusers, drug dealers, and even murderers.
The backlog of criminals to catch and deport is already over 400,000 and is growing daily. For every 10,000 added to the list, only 6,000 are caught and the list is growing rapidly.
ICE, the Bureau of Immigration Customs and Enforcement, the tiny 1000-man force that replaces the INS, is begging for help. In the post-9/11 panic, Congress approved money to hire “Federal enforcement teams” to round up illegals. Bush refused to spend the money, and neither Bush nor Congress put any money in the next budget for additional enforcement teams.
Bush’s betrayal of the American people is truly amazing. Apparently, the 400,000 known criminals and the 10,000,000 other illegals have the kind of family values that Bush claims “Hispanics” have, y
t&hunberbolt • © 2004
tEljunberbolt January 2004	19
Adding “no textbook taken home” to “No Child Left Behind”
Principal Cheryl Bennett, left, leans against the wall, oblivious to the student running in the hall (right).
Rivers Middle School is in Charleston, South Carolina. Because it has been rated “unsatisfactory” by North Carolina, under Bush’s No Child Left Behind Act, students can transfer out to other schools. This year, 21% of the students transferred out, leaving Rivers with 321 students. When students transfer, they often fail to turn in their textbooks. Apparently, officials at the school they transfer to are too lazy or incompetent to collect them. Last year, the school lost $2,739 in textbooks. At $9 per student this is not a major expense. If each student has four books costing $60 each, it is only about 4% of the value of the books.
This year, Principal Cheryl Bennett banned students from taking home any textbooks for the first 10 days of school. This action outraged many who felt that the beginning of the school year was the very time students should be doing homework. Principal Bennett is apparently planning to add “no textbook taken home” to No Child Left Behind.
Last year, even with textbooks, 65% of Rivers’ students flunked the English basic skills test, and 75% flunked the Math basic skills test. Today’s integrated schools are an alien contrast to those all White schools your editor attended back in the 1950s and early 1960s.y
r mm mmmm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm ^ - Many of this month’s school articles -focus on North Carolina schools, k — — i	J
Dudley high school versus NW Guilford high school
In Guilford Country, North Carolina, a more rural school district was forced to merge with a city district. It was a last ditch attempt to force integration of increasingly Black urban schools with rural schools to which Whites were fleeing.
Today, in that countywide school district, Dudley High School in Greensboro is 96% Black, while the “hayseeds” at rural Northwest Guilford High School are 92% White.
At Dudley, the students are disruptive and poorly disciplined. Students delight in throwing textbooks out windows, and they deliberately try to drive away White teachers. Teachers won’t stay; turnover is high. Some leave and commute to other schools as far as 75 miles away. Test scores are low.
At Northwest High, students are better disciplined and are more competitive and eager to leam. Parents are glad to send their kids there. Many of the classes are held in 50 trailers because the original classroom building will accommodate less than half of the students. That part of the county is booming with new home construction due to Whites fleeing Greensboro.
Dudley gets the most money and Northwest gets the hayseeds. But Northwest’s test scores are much higher, y
Case history:
Atkins Middle School
Atkins Middle School in Winston-Salem, NC, demonstrates what happens when parents have a choice of which school their children attend. Atkins was two-thirds White in the 1997-1998 school year. During the summer of 1998, parents were given a choice of whether to keep their children there or pick another school. Whites pulled 400 students out of the school, and in the 1998-1999 school year, Atkins was 96% Black. Discipline has since broken down. Fights in the halls are common, and students talk
NAACP drops interest in hate/lynching message sent to Black student
Hudson High School in Hudson Florida, has 1,630 students of which only eight are Black. A Black freshman found a note intended for a Black junior and gave it to him. It contained eight swastikas, a hanging noose, two KKK’s, and four uses of the word “niggers” including, “I will hang all you black niggers; get out of Hudson or die.”
The junior showed the note to his mother who contacted the police and NAACP, both of whom rushed to Hudson High. Principal Greg Wright, met with local NAACP honcho Darryl Rouson and within minutes had agreed that the NAACP could monitor race issues at the school and design the school’s Black history events.
Police matched the handwriting on the note with that of a freshman, the same Black freshman who said he found the note. The police pressed him, and he changed his story several times. Finally, he admitted it was a hoax, just a joke he claimed. He will be suspended for a few days.
The Black Junior to whom the note was addressed and his mother still think the note was real and that the police forced a false confession out of the freshman. The junior says that on several occasions he’s stayed out of school for days, out of fear. Principal Wright says he’s going to find ways to make Black students feel welcome. Rouson of the NCAAP has lost interest in the case and no longer answers media inquiries, y
out loud to each other in class and throw things at each other. Students openly curse teachers with the foulest language. White female teachers often cry openly in class, which only encourages the heartless ruffians. At the end of the first year of choice, most of the teachers left. The school district spends more per pupil at Atkins than other schools do, but it does no good, Atkins’ scores on standardized tests are dismally low.y
20 QTfjunberbolt Sfanuarp 2004
© 2004 • QEIjunbpiOolt
America’s schools today
99.9% of Durham’s students are there to learn
N Carolina’s aptitude gap
North Carolina’s SAT scores for the 2002-2003 year show a clear racial aptitude gap. The SAT is a standardized test intended to show aptitude to perform college-level school work. In North Carolina, Asians averaged 1052, Whites 1050, “Hispanics” 961, American Indians 923, and Blacks 839. The gaps remain virtually unchanged from previous years.
Minority groups complain that all standardized tests discriminate against non-Whites. However the Washington DC Center for Education Reform argues that the SAT, especially the math section, has been dumbed down. Some of the hardest types of questions have been dropped, students are given more time, and students are allowed to use calculators on some sections, y
IQ measures the ability to learn. Those requiring remediation or tutors likely have low IQ.
Blame the teacher who taught him last year
Educators complain that Black kindergarten and first grade students, attending school for the first time, have never been disciplined by their parents like White kids have. Thus, their first experience with a White teacher is with someone who makes them do things their mother wouldn’t have. They call this “alienation” because the Black child enters an alien world. Of course, that’s what head start programs, which were invented to give Blacks a head start, are supposed to do. The White world is alien to most Blacks, just as the Black world is alien to most Whites.
For poor student performance, college professors blame high school teachers. High school teachers blame middle school teachers. Middle school teachers blame grade school teachers, and grade school teachers blame parents. The poor genes that parents gave to their children are to blame for low intelligence and other dysfunctional traits.y
In the Fall of 2003, tensions at Durham’s Jordan High School had been building for about two weeks (since the beginning of the school year). Jordan High has about 1800 students and is part of the large Durham, North Carolina, school district which has a total of 8,500 high school students. Two groups who identified with Los Angeles gangs, the Bloods and the Crips, had been involved in scattered fights.
By Monday, 8 September, Principal David Christenbury called in more security officers. On Tuesday, the two groups continued taunting each other. The Bloods called the Crips “crabs,” and the Crips countered by calling the Bloods “slobs.” At 2:30 p.m., the two gangs, both dressed in white T-shirts, marched into the school cafeteria flashing gang signs and taunting each other with abusive and vile language. A gang fight started, and when security officers joined the melee, it spilled out onto school grounds.
Students claim the battle lasted for 20 minutes. Four security cameras recorded the fight, but school officials say none of the perpetrators could be identified on the grainy film because they were all Blacks wearing white T-shirts. There were no serious injuries, although two deputies were treated for cuts. Most of the battlers were students, although some like Chukwuemeka Ajiri Manning, 24, were not.
Police issued 24 arrest warrants for charges including second-degree trespassing, felonious inciting to riot, and disorderly conduct. The principal recommended three expulsions and 16 suspensions. Suspended students were given the option of attending Lakeview School, which is where troublemakers are sent.
During Tuesday and Wednesday, the school stood on the edge of riot. Groups of armed officers shadowed packs of gang members in the halls. Some gang members challenged officers to fights. Wednesday at lunch, a riot nearly exploded. On Thursday, Superintendent Ann Denlinger visited the school and
talked to teachers, police officers, and students. She immediately declared a “crisis.”
Thursday afternoon, Principal Christenbury banned plain white T-shirts. Friday morning, several dozen Black students showed up wearing plain white T-shirts. They were given the option of going home and changing shirts or spending the day in the school auditorium. Most choose the auditorium. They wrote or drew on their T-shirts and were allowed back into class. Many wrote “We picked the cotton, so we wear the cotton.”
On 23 October, six weeks after the riot, the school board met in a heated, closed session to approve or reject the expulsions. The vote was strictly along racial lines with the four Whites voting for expulsion and the three Blacks opposed. The Black members strongly felt that since no one was killed or seriously hurt, and no weapons were involved, no one should be expelled.
The three expelled students were all freshmen (9th graders). One had flunked the 9th grade last year and the other two had flunked it two years in a row. The expulsions were the first in the 31,000 pupil Durham schools since 1992.
Superintendent Ann Denlinger claims the violence is just an aberration and that “99.9 percent of our students are there to learn.” y
“Hispanics” fight Blacks for Houston high school
On 24 August 2003, Houston city police and extra Houston Independent School District (HISD) officers were rushed to Sam Houston High School to end six days of gang fighting between Hispanic and Black students. In total, seven HISD and 12 Houston officers were used to quell the fighting. HISD officials and students say it’s mostly just the normal students trying to be “big and bad” fighting in the halls, but it got a bit out of hand, y
{Eljunberbolt • © 2004
Day care 2003
Memphis Tennessee day care
Tippy Toes
KC’s cocaine day care

Valeriece D. Ealom
Atoya Every, Shawndra Burton, and Charlie Fleming are each being held on $250,000 bond in the June death of 2-year-old Amber Cox-Cody at the Children’s Rainbow Learning Center. The baby was left strapped in her van seat for eight hours. She cooked in the hot Memphis afternoon. Burton was the van driver. Fleming was the monitor who was supposed to check the van. Atoya Every is a manager at Children’s Rainbow.
Houston preschool heroine
Sharegi Diaz de Ortega is an Hispanic immigrant in Houston who allied with pre-school manager Carmen Roginia to fight a nearby cantina. The two women noticed truckloads of mattresses being brought and placed behind some dumpsters. Prostitutes used the mattresses to serve Mexican, Columbian, and Honduran men. Ortega and Roginia had few allies because most of the locals are illegals and won’t go to the police. Kids in the neighborhood sleep in bathtubs to help protect them from flying bullets. After a year of desperate fighting, mostly at city hall, they managed to get the cantina’s license revoked.
There is much left for Miss Ortega to do. Wife beating is epidemic in the neighborhood. Vacant lots are full of booze bottles, and there are still some illegal “businesses” operating in the neighborhood/^
On 19 September 2003, Camelia Gibson and Sandra Gordon of Memphis, Tennessee, were sentenced to two years in prison for the deaths of four children and injuries to two others when their van crashed on the Interstate. The charges included reckless homicide and aggravated assault. Their Tippy Toes Learning Academy driver was killed in the April 2002 crash.
Flint day care
Late in September 2003, Flint, Michigan, police raided a home for drug dealing. Prior to that, an undercover officer had allegedly made a drug purchase from Antonio Fluker in that home. When the raiding party arrived, they realized it was a day care for about a dozen children run by Tangela Fluker, Antonio’s wife. Police had a warrant for Antonio Fluker for drug dealing from a prior offense, and he has a criminal record. He was not located and is still a fugitive. This is the fourth drug bust of a day care in that county in the last three years. Flint is 53.3% Black. Tangela Fluker’s day care license was suspended pending investigation./^
On 10 September 2003, Kansas City, MO, police raided Valeriece D. Ealom’s day care after undercover officers made three drug buys there. During the raid, they found a four-month-old baby next to a bag of crack cocaine. A 9mm, cocked and loaded Beretta handgun was found within reach of a another child. Also found was a Norinco 12-gauge shotgun loaded with five rounds.
In Missouri, possession of 5 grams of crack cocaine is considered enough to be a felony drug dealer. Police found 2.4 grams in the day care office area and another 50 grams hidden in water pipes. Total value for the crack taken at the day care is about $7,000. The Ealom day care was licensed for a maximum of six children but eight were found in and around the residence.
Police also planned to raid the home of Clifford Dorsey, 43, who they believed supplied Ealom with drugs. Just before the raid, they observed a gold Cadillac driven by Megashia C. Jackson arrive. She carried items out of the house and began loading them into the trunk. Police moved in and detained her. One trash bag found behind the Cadillac allegedly contained 1,100 grams of cocaine.
Inside the home, police found 30 grams of crack and a Taurus .380 pistol. They found 125 grams of cocaine in a brown paper bag on the passenger’s seat of Dorsey’s vehicle./''
Dia De La Raza is what many “Hispanics” celebrate on Columbus Day. It means “day of the race” a celebration of the pre-Columbian race that we now call Indians. Indians and half-breeds from Chile to Akaska want to replace Columbus Day with their racial holiday, Dia De La Raza._
Because of the Memphis deaths, there have been calls for more regulation. However, District Attorney Bill Gibbons says that the deaths were caused by day care employees who did not follow existing rules.
© 2004 • t^bunberbolt
Hispanic values in the news
Identical twin rapists?
La Cucaracha, La Cucaracha
Two groups of “Hispanic” men got into an argument at the La Cucaracha bar in Houston at about 6:15 a.m. A shootout started. The men piled into three vehicles tearing down the streets with the gun battle still raging. Finally, all three cars ended up in a wreck and—except for two injured in the wreck—the men fled in all directions. Police found a rifle in a trash can near the wreck.
An eyewitness identified only as Rosa said, “They started shooting down there at La Cucaracha, and then they started shooting at one of my friends. They shot up his car. He chased the car that shot him. He chased them and smashed into them, so they all got out the car and ran off.”y
Frank Javier Padilla, 44, didn’t have a previous criminal record, although he was unemployed and lived off his wife’s wages from Wal-Mart. She arrived as an Internet bride from Romania and was pregnant before she realized she had married a monster.
On 8 August 2003, Frank Javier Padilla raped and beat their 2-year-old child to death. An autopsy showed bruises from previous beatings and healed fractures in her tiny legs. A pizza deliveryman had earlier called child welfare when he saw her eyes black.
Doctors say Padilla tore her rectum and vagina, and broke her pelvis.
Frank Javier Padilla beat her face into a mass of cuts and bruises. Her eyes were
Rodriguez takes $250,000 bribe
IRS agent Noe Rodriguez was arrested 8 August 2003 for taking a $250,000 bribe from a taxpayer. In exchange for the bribe, Rodriguez, a 19-year Houston, Texas, IRS veteran, was to keep a civil audit from becoming a criminal investigation. The IRS and Department of Justice have refused to name the taxpayer./^
Homo AIDS rapist
On 6 August 2003, in Austin, Texas, Francisco Martinez was sentenced to life in prison for the rape of an 11-year old boy. Martinez knew he had AIDS before he raped the youth. X
black. She had a welt and bruise on the center of her forehead and bruising across the bridge of her nose. He fractured both sides of her skull. She had massive brain swelling and optic nerve and retinal damage.
She had abrasions on the top of both feet. There was heavy bleeding on both sides of her spinal cord, and he had broken her back.
Initially, Padilla lied about the injuries and finally gave police a confession.
If you believe the lies of E. Gordon Liddy and the rest of the clowns in the media, you’ll expect Frank Javier Padilla to be attacked in prison because he’s a sex pervert. And “Hispanics” don’t tolerate sex perverts. It won’t happen. Hundreds of thousands of “Hispanic” sex perverts are already in U.S. prisons and rarely are they attacked for the crimes that got them there.
If there is ever justice, it will have to be administered by White men. In a decent country, within 48 hours of Frank Javier Padilla s confession, he would have felt his neck snap from a six foot drop with sand bags tied to his legs.y
On 23 July 2003, Coconut Creek, Florida, police arrested Aaron Chavez (left) and Gonzalo Chavez for separate rapes of an 11-year-old girl. Apparently, the identical twins attacked the neighbor on separate occasions. Police say the boys made self-incriminating statements. Both boys are about 5’8" tall and weigh about 135 pounds. The Chavez family says the girl invented the story and that these are just two nice altar boys. Even their priest can’t tell them apart, y
To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico. The U.S. will look like a giant Indian reservation.
Houston used car dispute
In July 2003, Kermit Cruz, 21, bought a used car from Santos Saravia, 27, who runs a Houston, Texas, tire store. Cruz brought the car back, said it had engine problems, and demanded a full refund. Saravia said no, but he said he would try to fix the engine problems. Cruz returned a few days later and complained again. He threatened Saravia and others who were at the tire store, fired pistol shots into the ceiling, and left.
On 23 August 2003, Cruz returned to the tire store accompanied by two other men for a final showdown. He pulled a pistol and Santos Saravia ran for the office. Cruz gunned him down. Saravia’s brother grabbed a handgun and pumped two bullets into Cruz. Both men were taken to the hospital in critical condition. Cruz was charged with assault with a deadly weapon. //
Meet Frank Javier Padilla of League City, Texas
tEJjunberbolt Slanuarp 2004	23
Hispanic values in the news
4 die in Denver execution
According to Denver police and witnesses, Edward Herrera, 51, (pictured left) thought Rose Amador, 46, was cheating on him. On 6 August 2003, he called his son Michael Anthony Sandoval, 23, (pictured right) and said that they could get some easy money by robbing a crack house, Rose Amador’s duplex. They drove there in separate vehicles—Herrera in his red Jeep and Sandoval in his burgundy Dodge Intrepid. Sandoval may or may not have had another man along as getaway driver.
Police say Sandoval confessed that at about 11:30 p.m. Herrera told him to stay outside for 20 minutes and then come in. Herrera apparently talked to some people who were leaving the duplex before he entered. When Sandoval entered, his father had Amador and three adults (Filbert “Bob” Pacheco, 47; Sally Mendoza, 46; and Douglas Kubo, 39) at gunpoint. The four are related by blood or in-law status. Herrera had Sandoval duct tape the hands of the four behind their backs, duct tape shut their mouths, and covered their eyes. Herrera searched the house for drugs and money. About then, a couple, Blanca Duenas-Balbuena, 21, and Carlos Balbuena, 22, showed up at the residence with their 3-year-old daughter, Esmeralda. Herrera beat Carlos Balbuena over the head with his pistol and knocked him to the floor. He ordered the woman and child to sit on a couch. Sandoval duct taped Carlos Balbuena.
Sandoval then left, perhaps with some of the loot, to get the car ready. He heard several shots and started back toward the duplex. He yelled “let’s go” and left in his car. Inside the duplex, Herrera allegedly shot each of the six
adults in or about the back of the head, execution style. Kubo and Carlos Balbuena survived, but the other four died.
Hearing the shots, neighbors flagged down a police car at 12:20 a.m. Police found the little girl crying and covered in blood. When her uncle arrived, she told him part of the story. She had apparently witnessed several of the executions, including that of her mother. She said, her mother begged ‘Wo me maten,” [don’t kill me]. The little girl said, “Mataron a mami” [They killed mommy].
Police found a baggie of cocaine on the little girl’s father, Carlos Balbuena, who survived with two neck wounds. A search of the duplex uncovered two plastic bags of suspected narcotics and drug paraphernalia: including a digital scale, a glass pipe, and a metal blade on the kitchen table.
According to witnesses, Herrera returned to his mobile home at 12:45 a.m. That night, he went drinking with his brother and stayed at his brother’s house. Early the next morning, police arrived and arrested him. A search of the mobile home uncovered a large-caliber, semiautomatic handgun and a roll of duct tape,
Herrera has an extensive criminal record going back to 1972. Both Rose Amador and Sally Mendoza had prior drug convictions.
Herrera’s lawyer claims Herrera is innocent, and that this is just a crack house shooting done by someone else. Relatives of the victims claim it was not a crack house and that their relatives are innocent victims. Police are still looking for the suspected getaway car driver. M
Jogger attack
In August 2003, Charlotte, NC, police arrested Cesar Gonzalez-Orella, 27, for the June 2001 rape of a young woman jogger. Police are still maintaining heightened patrols./^
Home invasion rape
On 6 August 2003, Philadelphia police released a sketch of a suspect they believe brutally beat and raped a woman in a home invasion. Police say he is Hispanic, in his early 20s, 5' 6" to 5? 7" tall, and about 135 pounds. He wore a white T-shirt wrapped around his head at the time of the attack. The attack was on the 4th of July, y
12-year-old attacked
Durham, North Carolina, police say that at 9:30 p.m., 2 August 2003, Felipe Castenada, 39, kidnapped a 12-year-old girl from her home and raped her several times. He was charged with crimes against nature, first-degree rape of a child, indecent liberties with a child, assault on a child under the age of 12, first-degree kidnapping, and two counts of first-degree rape of a child,
© 20041 tEfiunberbolt
Hispanic values in the news
Mexican teamwork and our leaky border
	imMI 1
	yi k. 1
	HGvS i
Jy|k pB	Bh.
r icay	
Serial rapist uses knife
A serial rapist is terrorizing the usually quiet western suburbs of Boston.
He uses a knife but pretends he also has a gun. He raped a 24-year-old woman in her Westborough home on 6 August 2003.
He disconnected her electricity and lifted out a sliding glass door. On 13 August, he raped a 57-year-old woman in her home in the same town. On 14 August, he attacked a 41-year-old mother in Hopkinton, who fought him off, although she sustained several cuts. On 16 August, he attacked a fourth woman whose screams apparently caused him to flee. On 2 October, he may have tried to break| into a fifth home but was driven off when the homeowner turned on the lights.
Police say the suspect is a Hispanic male, approximately 5 feet 6 inches, 170 pounds and speaks good English but with a heavy Spanish accent. See above sketch, y
Nevada jogger attack
Jorge Garcia-Soto, left, and Alberto Rojas-Servin, right. Both occasionally worked in restaurants or bars in Boulder, Colorado, and are two of the suspects in a brutal gang rape. One look at them should tell you they are virtually full-blooded Indians.
The Washoe County, Nevada, sheriff’s department says that, on 1 August 2003, a man raped a 17-year-old girl jogging near Pah Rah and Blue Skies drives. The rapist grabbed her from behind and dragged her into a nearby field. The attacker is described as a Hispanic male 6’0" tall and 200 pounds. The crime scene is near Reno. [Attacks on female joggers by Hispanics is a crime we commonly see in our research. -Editor] y
Boulder, Colorado, police say that on 2 August 2002, Jorge Garcia-Soto, Alberto Rojas-Servin, and Efrain Servin-Rojas gang-raped a woman near the University of Colorado campus. Police immediately suspected the three illegal aliens were running home to Mexico. Typical bureaucratic errors and pigheadedness on part of the Border Patrol prevented any attempt of stopping them at the border on the rape charges.
On 8 August in Abilene, Texas, the Border Patrol checked a bus and arrested Jorge Garcia-Soto, because he had been previously deported after having committed a felony in the U.S. The other two, who were on the same bus, went into Mexico.
The Border Patrol will keep Garcia-Soto for several months, but Boulder police want to check his DN A against that from two rapes that occurred in Boulder in 28 February and 26 April 2003. He was arrested for assault in Boulder in 2001, but they released this illegal alien. He failed to appear for his assault trial.
The apartment where the gang rape is said to have occurred was the apartment of Bonoe Velasquez who was already in jail awaiting trial for attempted rape.
Four rapist Mexicans just in Boulder Colorado, four that we know of. “They just come here to work,” say the media, politicians, preachers, and greedy
businessmen, y
Garnett Ridge, Georgia:
Typical “Hispanic” community
Garnett Ridge is a ^community just northwest of Athens, Georgia, whose residents are now mostly “Hispanic” immigrants from Mexico. Some work in the Harrison chicken plant but, the majority have no visible means of support.
At night, especially on Friday and Saturday nights, the area turns into a series of raucous parties. Weather permitting, the drinking, very loud music, and partying goes on until 3:00 a.m. or later. Eventually, the parties degrade into yelling, described by one neighbor as “Indian war whoops,” and finally into wild shooting.
Nearby residents say between 50 and 100 gunshots can be heard coming from the area each day.
Garnett Ridge has the usual drug dealers and gangs, most notably the SUR VIII Los Primos, a Mexican gang. They have drive-by shootings and sometimes a bullet goes flying through someone’s house by accident. In March 2003, two men were gunned down but survived. On 4 July 2003, a man in his kitchen was almost hit by a stray bullet.
In July, one man was badly stabbed and another shot and wounded.
On 16 August, three Mexican immigrants sat and drank beer in a front yard during the afternoon. At about 4:30 p.m. one of them, Jaime Humberto Almodovar, jumped up, pulled a pistol, and shot the other two in the head, killing both. Police were only 100 yards away answering another call when they heard about seven gun shots. They ran to the scene but Almodovar, who worked in the Harrison chicken plant, had escaped. Police thought he had fled to Mexico, but he was caught on 6 September in a rural area near Orlando, Florida. Police now say that alcohol may have been a contributing factor. May have been? Most Mexicans are just Indians who speak Spanish. They can no more control themselves when drinking than can the Sioux, Navaho, or any other tribe, y/
Is he a beast?
On 7 October 2003, Mark Anthony Alverez, 30, was finally sentenced to life in prison after his second trial for the murder of Crisie Mejias, a 20-year-old California college student. The first trial ended in mistrial when a witness mentioned a rape in Alverez’s previous criminal record. Mejias was home visiting her parents and met Alverez, who was working security at a salsa dance in Mayport, Florida.
Little is known of what happened after that. She offered him a ride home. He murdered her, and she ended up stuffed in a plastic bag in her bumed-out car. Alverez set the car on fire.
Police found devil worship books in Alverez’s apartment, and he bragged to other jail inmates how he had murdered and sacrificed Mejias in a satanic ritual.
Alverez’s attorney complained, “They’re painting him as a beast, this animal, and he’s really not.” [Beasts don’t sacrifice others to the devil. He’s not a beast but a subhuman.—Editor] V
Parks not safe at lunch time?
On 15 August 2003, a woman took her two children, ages 4 and 6, to Evergreen Park in Wichita, Kansas. It is one of the busiest parks in that city. At about 1:00 p.m., a man approached her speaking in Spanish. When he fondled her, she tried to walk way, but he wouldn’t let her go. Then she tried to gather her two kids around her for protection. He raped her in broad daylight in front of her children.
Wichita media like the Wichita Eagle newspaper and TV station KAKE often run stories extolling the greatness of “Hispanic” values and culture./^
Galleria $20,000 reward
Starting in May 2003 a man has been attacking women in the parking garages of the famous Galleria shopping center in Houston, Texas. Police say his attacks are especially brutal, violent, and terrifying. He targets attractive White women at all times of the day and night. In one attack on 30 August 2003, he forced a 19-year-old woman into her car, brutally beat her, and raped her; she finally managed to escape. Police issued the composite sketch above and say he may have fled the Houston area. A reward of $20,000 is offered for his arrest. Police say the attacker is a Hispanic, 20’s, about 5’5" tall, with short, black, spikey hair.y
Raped 11-year-old?
Riverside, California, police released the above photo of a suspected child rapist, named Raymundo Orozco. The girl’s mother left her 11-year-old daughter alone with Orozco, who attacked the child.y
Bush’s Mexican trucks
On 4 September 2003, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents at El Paso, Texas, got lucky and found a truck crossing into the U.S. carrying 60.8 pounds of heroin with a value of $1 million. Using a complex combination of luck, agent inspection, x-rays, and drug-sniffing dogs, they were able to find a hidden compartment in the truck’s cab.
U.S. and Mexican trucks pour across the border by the thousands each day, and there is no way to thoroughly search each one. Mexican trucks now have the legal right to operate openly on U.S. highways, and little is being done to stop the cargos of drugs, prostitutes, and illegal aliens flowing into the U.S. Flowing back into Mexico, often on the same trucks, are cash, guns, and criminals escaping U.S. authorities.
Bush, Clinton, and prior presidents deliberately allotted far too little money for even minimal inspections. The Fox administration only pretends to be helping. Drugs and other cross border smuggling is essential to the Mexican economy; Mexico might collapse into chaos without the billions it earns from drug trafficking and smuggling illegals. Furthermore, much of the illegal alien “community” in the U.S. makes its living off the drug trade.
Amazingly, the truck driver, Silvestre Esquivel Salazar, 35, of Juarez, Mexico, was not hired through drug gangs or in some sleazy cantina. He was hired through an ordinary newspaper advertisement. The days of sneaky smuggling by shadowy criminal gangs is being replaced by mass smuggling through legitimate channels.
What is really flowing across the border is Mexico itself. Foremost are Mexico’s riffraff citizens who bring with them their innate, genetically predisposed “Hispanic” values./^
26 GPbunirerbolt Hfantiarp 2004
© 2004 • 3Tl)unberboIt
He came to U.S. to work
1	~ A
I Sag/' %	IQ = 58
On 16 October 2003, a jury in San Jose, California, found accused child rapist Enrique Sosa Alvarez, 23, competent to stand trial. Amazingly, he can still plead “not guilty by reason of insanity.” Delays in the case aid Alvarez since the prosecution’s chief witness is his 9-year-old alleged victim.
Prosecutors believe he kidnapped the child from her neighbor’s yard. Part of the kidnapping—including the girl’s mother screaming at the kidnapper as he drove off—was recorded on a video camera from a neighbor’s security system. Alvarez imprisoned the child for three days at his girlfriend’s apartment, where he raped her. Finally, prosecutors say he dumped her at a liquor store.
Alvarez came to the U.S. from Mexico allegedly to work, which he only occasionally did. In Mexico, he married at 16. He rarely sent his wife and two kids any money and only a small amount when he did. He rarely wrote or telephoned her. Defense psychiatrists claim Alvarez acquired his mean streak and brutality from his father who still lives in Mexico. The defense also claims his IQ measures 58.
[He must be part of Mexico’s brain drain, and one of the bright, hard-working people that many welcome to the U.S.JX
Subscribe to
tEfluntrerfiolt
Today!
Your other magazines will gather dust while your Wfyunberbolt will be read and reread. See page 3 for details.
Indiana terrorist stalker
In September 2003, police in Carmel, Indiana, began desperately searching for a man they believe is very dangerous. Robert Diaz, 38, was stalking a woman and her family. Police in Indianapolis have had to move the ex-girlfriend, her parents, and her son to three separate “safe houses.” Diaz would call up to 162 times in a day. Sometimes he would make threats even singing them into a song. He threatened police officers over his cell phone and made it clear that he wants to kill the woman. He threatened to detonate two pipe bombs in Carmel to punish the police investigators.
Police take his threats seriously. Diaz is wanted for crimes in Nevada, has gang affiliations and access to weapons and ordinance. Diaz has several aliases and uses disguises including dying his black hair blond. S
Burned a woman alive
Gina Thompson lived in McMinnville, Tennessee. Three men— Franklin De La Cruz, 26; Luiz Gonzalez, 19, and Ruben Pimentel, 32—said she owed them some drugs. They claim to be from New York, but Ruben Pimentel has lived in Tennessee about 18 miles from Thompson for about a year. According to police, at Pimentel’s residence the three made a plan to get even with Thompson by burning her. They stole a gasoline can from a store, filled it with gasoline, and on 12 September went to Thompson’s.
According to police, Thompson was sleeping on a couch. One man disconnected the telephone. A second held the others in the home at bay with a box knife. The third poured gasoline on her and lit her on fire. She jumped up and ran 1,000 feet to a neighbor, who helped put out the fire. She had bums over 85% of her body but managed to live eight days and died on 20 September. All three suspects are being held on murder charges under high bond. Warren County Sheriff Jackie Matheny said, “This was a very brutal attack against this woman. It’s just horrible and cruel." X
Houston’s pool-playing, bar-fighting, female judge
On 17 September 2003, police waited until Judge Roxane E. Martinez, 44, got off the bench and headed for the judges’ office suite before arresting her, slapping her in handcuffs, and taking her away. The arrest stemmed from an incident on 26 June that Houston, Texas, police could not ignore. There are two sides to the story.
The complainant said she and Judge Martinez were both at Palmer’s Ice House bar, where Martinez is a regular. At 2:00 a.m., when the bar closed, the two had an argument outside over a pool game. The two had a running fight with Martinez taking off her shoes and throwing them at the other woman. She punched the woman, and when a female bar employee tired to break up the fight, she punched her too. Then Martinez grabbed the other woman’s purse from a bystander who had been holding it. She got into her Mercedes and took off. The other woman claims she 1 had bruises and swelling on her face from the attack, and that she had $ 1000 in rent money and a cell phone in the purse.
Judge Martinez tells a different story. She says it’s a misunderstanding and that she intended no wrong. Some friends left the purse in her car. It only had $200 in it, which she spent, and she doesn’t know what happened to the cell phone. She denies assaulting anyone.
Houston police charged Martinez with theft of the money and purse, and with assault. Judge Martinez was put on leave at full pay at taxpayer expense. Some Houston news media has called it a purse snatching.
[When squaws get drunk, they often
get in fights—Editor.]X
Hispanic values in the news
5 innocents killed in great Norfolk, Nebraska, bank massacre
For 20 seconds, 3 gunmen poured lead into every living soul in sight
Jose Sandoval, 23, is believed to be the leader of the gang. He attended schools in nearby Madison but dropped out during his freshman year in high school in 1995. Later that year, he began a prison term for burglary. Sandoval was released in 2000. He's had numerous other charges for drugs and firearms violations.
The following is reconstructed from police and prosecutor allegations and from testimony during the trial of Erick Vela, who was convicted in October 2003 of five counts of murder. The other three defendants have not yet been tried.
Planning for the 26 September 2002 Norfolk, Nebraska, bank robbery began about a month before the actual robbery. Gang members were not sure if Erick Vela would actually have the courage to kill people in the bank. Vela proved himself by strangling Travis Lundell to death while Jose Sandoval and Jorge Galindo held Lundell down and beat him with their fists. This was about one month before the robbery.
The four members of the robbery gang were to be Vela, Sandoval, Galindo, and Gabriel Rodriguez. Police say Sandoval was the leader. All lived in nearby Madison, Nebraska.
Detailed planning began about two weeks before the robbery and the four skulked about the bank and scouted the roads and parking around the bank. The number and locations of bank employees
was considered to be the most important information.
On 16 September, Nebraska State Trooper Mark Zach pulled over a vehicle for a routine traffic violation. He discovered that Erick Vela, the driver, had a concealed handgun. He entered the gun’s serial number, and it turned out to be ok. He ticketed Vela for the gun violation and confiscated the gun. Later it was discovered that he had transposed two digits, and that the pistol was, in fact, stolen. Had he entered it correctly he would have tried to arrest Vela.
On the morning of 26 September 2003, Rodriguez went into the bank for the final scouting trip. As he walked out, he reported by handheld radio, the positions and numbers of bank employees.
Three inside gunmen—Sandoval, Vela, and Galindo—wearing gray clothing and stocking caps entered the bank at about 8:45 a.m. Rodriguez stayed outside, as lookout. Once inside, they split up to cover the bank’s employees. Vela went right, into Lisa Bryant’s office. Galindo went left, to Lola Elwood’s office, and Sandoval went forward, toward the counter.
Then something happened. One theory is that Sandoval thought a bank employee had hit a silent alarm. In any event, all three gunmen opened fire. Sandoval may have fired first, killing a customer Evonne Tuttle, 37. Then he shot teller Samuel Sun, 50, and he leaped over the counter. Lola Elwood, 43, screamed as Galindo fired three slugs into her, killing her. Vela shot Lisa Bryant, 29, in the thigh breaking the thigh bone. She collasped to the floor and looked up as Vela approached and aimed his gun again. Lisa put her hands up to protect her head. Vela fired, hitting her in the back of the neck and killing her. At Vela’s trial it was shown that he was smiling as he strutted out of Bryant’s office.
By this time, Sandoval was over the counter where he shot bank employee Jo Mausbach, killing her. The predators killed one customer and four bank employees with head or neck shots at very close range.
Then customer Micki Koepke walked into the bank. Her usual teller was not behind the counter. Instead she saw a “dark man,” Sandoval, leaning over the counter looking at her. He held a silver pistol and was smiling with a big grin on his face. She turned and ran and two of the gunmen opened fire on her. She ran through a shower of shattered glass as bullets ripped through the bank’s door and windows. One slug hit her in the shoulder, but she kept on running. She survived. Prosecutors think Galindo fired the round that hit her.
Koepke’s entrance may have saved the lives of two female bank employees. They were in Lola Elwood’s office and the two think Galindo was about to kill them when he was surprised by Koepke. When he turned to fire a barrage at Koepke, they ducked. He ran towards the
Police say Gabriel Rodriguez, 26, served as lookout man and was to be the getaway car driver. He was in prison from 1995 to 1998 and attempted to escape once. He has other drug and gun violations. Rodriguez finished the eighth grade in nearby Madison but did not attend high school.
Most lethal robbery in Nebraska history
bank’s door to join the other two gunmen, who were fleeing the bank without stealing a cent. They were expecting to find Rodriguez, but he had run off. Apparently, they had planned to carjack one of the bank employee’s vehicles but now had to find another way to escape.
According to the bank’s cameras, the three gunmen were in the bank for a total of 40 seconds. Of that, 20 seconds was continual gunfire. A bullet had shattered the drive-in window of the Burger King across the street. Rescue personnel arrived within seven minutes, but all five shooting victims in the bank were already dead. At Vela’s trial, forensic pathologist Jerry W. Jones testified that Bryant, Sun, and Mausbach probably suffered greatly as it took them several minutes to die. Their mouths, throats, and lungs filled with blood, and they choked to death on their own blood.
The three killers fled on foot and broke into a nearby elderly couple’s house. At gunpoint, they forced the couple to turn over the keys to their brand new Subaru Outback. They drove 10 miles on Highway 275 before stealing a pickup and abandoning the Outback. By this time, some of the citizens of Norfolk were patrolling the streets and highways helping police search for the murderers.
Three hours after the slaughter, police caught three men 76 miles away at a gas station in O’Neill, a small town in ranch country. The men were unarmed. A search of the road ditches between Norfolk and O’Neill discovered three handguns. Later that day, police located Rodriguez’s Cadillac in a Norfolk neighborhood and soon arrested him. All four men were charged with five first-degree murders and numerous related felonies.
The next day, Trooper Mark Zack committed suicide. He blamed himself for the firearms serial number error even though that gun was not used in the robbery. He was married and had six
children.	I
Norfolk is a quiet farm city of25,000 people. In 40 seconds, four predators
turned a small, friendly branch bank into a bloody slaughterhouse with bullet holes, shattered glass, and blood everywhere. They killed everyone they could, and worse, at least two of them seemed to have relished and enjoyed the killing. We will likely learn other details of the depraved and heinous acts of the killers when Sandoval, Galindo, and Rodriguez finally come to trial, y
Erick Fernando Vela, 21, was the first person tried for the bank robbery. He pleaded guilty to five counts of first-degree murder and various other charges. The only purpose for his trial was to establish a jury record for possible capital punishment. In October 2003, the jury recommended the death sentence. Vela gunned down bank employee Lisa Bryant, 29, in her office. She was a newlywed of only a few weeks. Vela was the only one of the four who was not a local boy. Police say, to prove his toughness, he strangled and murdered Travis Lundell while Sandoval and Galindo held Lundell down.
Promoting classical music or bringing back the polka won’t save our people Those efforts are made by men ducking their responsibility. If we don’t win in the next few years, all is lost. Patriotism is fighting
Jorge Galindo, 21, attended schools in nearby Madison but dropped out in 1998. Prosecutors allege he gunned down and murdered Evonne Tuttle, a customer in the bank, and wounded another female customer, Miki Koepke. Galindo says his shooting of Tuttle was an accident; he shot her three times. His criminal record includes various drug and gun charges.
Nebraska State Trooper Mark Zach, 35, had a wife and six children ages 2-15. He blamed himself for not having stopped the robbery and five murders. The day after the robbery, he killed himself with his service revolver. If our people are to survive, we'll need thousands of serious young men like trooper Zach.
Slaiiuflip 2004
®()tin&erbolt • © 2004
GHjuiiberiioft
Hispanic values in the news
A crime too horrid to imagine: family gang rapes 5-month-old child to death over an extended period of time: grandmother doesn’t bother to call the police
Andy Walters, father of 5-month-old Brianna Walters. Along with his brother-in-law, Stephen Lopez, he abused and raped the girl over a period of several weeks until they finally abused her too much, and she died. He told police that "he got a little rough."
Stephanie Lopez, 20, Brianna's mother, said she drank three beers and slept through the final and fatal episode. She says she woke up and found the baby cold and dead and called 911. She was convicted of "negligent child abuse resulting in death."
Steven Lopez, 20, is the twin of Stephanie Lopez, Brianna's mother. Police say he admitted sexual penetration of his niece. He and Walters were found guilty of "child abuse resulting in death," conspiracy, and criminal sexual penetration.
Summary
Five adults lived with the 5-month-old child in a dilapidated trailer house in a rural area of Dona Ana County near Las Cruces in southern New Mexico. On 19 July 2002, the mother reported to 911 that the baby, Brianna, was unresponsive. Within an hour, sheriff’s deputies were investigating it as a crime. All five family members were arrested later that same day. To assure fairness, a judge moved the trial 200 miles north to Albuquerque.
All five adults were convicted on 12 September 2003. Stephanie Lopez was convicted of “negligent child abuse resulting in death.” This means she knew of the abuse and allowed it to happen but did not actively participate. The jury found Patricia Walters, 43, paternal grandmother, and Robert Walters (Andy’s brother) guilty of “not reporting child abuse.” They knew abuse had occurred over a long period of time but never reported it.
The father Andy Walters and his brother-in-law Steven Lopez, 20, were the actual rapists and abusers. They were
30 tEJmnberbolt January 2004
never charged with murder. The charges they were convicted of could earn Andy Walters a maximum of 50 years and Steven Lopez a maximum of 45 years.
Lawyers for all five have said they will appeal. Taxpayers will be paying for lawyers, prosecutors, and prison housing for many years.
Wounds to the child
The wounds to Brianna Lopez were so horrible that the prosecutor was not allowed to show some photos to the jury. We tried to avoid some of the graphic details to give you an unbiased listing of injuries.
Old wounds suggesting prior abuse include bite marks, bruises of various colors from deep reddish purple to yellow. Her brain contained yellow fluid suggesting violent shaking or impact weeks before her death. Her skull had older factures. The medical examiner testified, “It happened many weeks before, based on the optic nerve and bleeding in the brain.” Brianna had a fractured arm, fractures in both legs, and
two rib fractures. These were older wounds and had started to heal. She also had older wounds to her vagina and anus suggesting prior rape.
New wounds include numerous bites on Brianna’s thighs, back, buttocks, arms, chest, and face from at least two adults. She had cuts on her toe and finger and bruises all over her body. She had a huge bruise on her forehead. The medical examiner testified, “What’s important is that the whole one third of the baby’s head is covered in abrasions.” She also had recent bone fractures and signs of recent rape.
Editorial: Since most Mexicans are Indians or part-breeds, let’s put them all on a giant reservation. We’ll locate it just south of the Rio Grande and call it Mexico. There they will be free to enjoy “Hispanic values” and the Mexican work ethic, and we’ll be left alone without their contributions.
© 2004 • QTftun&erbolt
Bits & pieces
On 21 October 2003, Houston,
TX, police issued this sketch of a homosexual rapist. He I Anthony Fu Yin Chang is on kidnapped a 10-year-old boy, I the U.S. Postal Service’s most tied him up and raped him. He wanted list for mailing an is “a dark-complexioned Black explosive bomb through the male between 30 and 40 years mail with the intent to kill. He of age with black hair and was originally from Venezuela brown eyes. He was about 5 I and he has numerous Chinese feet 9 inches tall.”y	I tattoos.y
Navjot Singh, most recently of Ft. Worth, Texas, is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for mail fraud. He was bom in Punjab, India, y

Myron Herbert Shapiro, Jewish male, bom 8 May 1926, is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for mailing obscene material and other charges. He was bom in New York and is known to frequent Israel and Europe. y
Julio Merida, Hispanic male, is on the Rhode Island State Police’s most wanted list for murdering two people in Providence./
1 SRI is® H
Ernest Sullano Liboon is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for mail fraud. He was originally from the Philippines, y
Sola Adewumi is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for bank fraud, money laundering, mail theft, mail fraud, and aiding and abetting. He was originally from Nigeria, y
Faisal Alshibani is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for child pornography charges. He was originally from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. He came to the U.S. on a student visa and is believed safe in Saudi Arabia, y
In October 2003, Savannah, Georgia, police began a manhunt for Ronald Antwan Grady, who is wanted for armed robbery. He is 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs 130 pounds, y
Osayi Ojo is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for credit card fraud. He was originally from Nigeria, y
Virginia Lo Yao is on the U.S. Postal Service’s most wanted list for numerous violations. She was born in the Philippines, y
The man in this sketch is on the Boulder, Colorado, police’s most wanted list for bank robbery on 10 July 2003. He jumped over the counter, attacked employees and escaped with a book bag of money. The suspect is described as a Black male, late-20’s to mid-30’s, 6’ - 63", thin build, with a “lazy eye.”y
tEPbuuberbolt 3tatiuarp 2004	31
In September 2003, Aiken, SC, prosecutors effectively let 83-year-old John Bowman off from murder charges. He was out on bond for charges of being a cocaine dealer when, on 15 May 2002, he was arguing with his girlfriend, Denise Simpkins, 35. She was in the bedroom, and he was in the living room. He fired his .38-caliber revolver, and the bullet went through the wall and killed her. His plea bargain reduced the charge to involuntary manslaughter, for which he got 5 years to be served concurrently with the 10 years he got for the drug dealing charge, y
On 11 September 2001, Forest Park, Ohio, police said that they had finally caught the infamous daycare purse snatcher. Police believe that Anthony Stallings, 33, may be responsible for more than two dozen thefts from daycare parking lots. At the time of his arrest, he was wanted for jumping a $1200 bond on a similar charge from October 200 l.y
Corpus Christi, Texas, police say that on 10 September 2003, Martin Gonzalez-Padron, 19, rear-ended a Ford Focus with his 1990 gold Lincoln Continental. He roared away from the scene of the accident with the woman in the Ford Focus following. He ran a red light and smashed into the side of a 2000 Honda, seriously injuring a woman and her son. He was charged with DWI and with hit and run. His bond was set at only $700. Fortunately, they are able to hold him, at least temporarily, because he is an illegal alien, y
UPDATE: On 20 October 2003, Coleman Tavon Edwards, 18, was sentenced to 20 years for shooting Michigan State Trooper Timothy Slais during the aftermath of the June 2003 Benton Harbor riots. [See November 2003 Thunderbolt.] Slais, a White, is likely crippled for life as his left arm was shattered. After four months, he is still unable to drive a vehicle, y
r—— #1 "T--	■	a
JCwBS? dUr art rfrhr	
	1
	
	
' i i BaaEM	
	
	
	
New Orleans police are still looking for Tyronika Carter, 16, on a first-degree murder warrant from 16 August 2003. Two Black males were attacked. One escaped and was beaten, robbed and then shot to death. There are seven Black suspects. Five have been captured, but Carter and one other are still at large, y
Montasha Griffin, 18, and Annette Pitts’ 15-year-old granddaughter were fighting over a man in the wee hours of 7 September 2003. Annette Pitts, 57, rushed down the stairs from her apartment and tried to be peace maker. A large crowd of women “jumped on” Annette. They beat her and stomped her to death. Dekalb County, GA, police charged Montasha Griffin (left) and Sonya Griffin, her mother, (right) with involuntary manslaughter. y

Richard Steve Goldberg, bom in Brooklyn, New York, is on the FBI’s most wanted list for sexual exploitation of a child, production of child pornography, and six counts of lewd acts upon a child. The FBI officially lists this Jew as White, y
On 9 September 2003, Cincin-atti police rushed to an address after it was reported that Vincent Hargrove, 20, pistol-whipped his wife. Police chased a suspect into the house and then set up a perimeter. When the SWAT team stormed the home, Hargrove was gone. He now has a new warrant for domestic violence to compliment several older ones police are trying to serve, y
Usually, the true hero is attacked by his own people as well as the true enemy.
Success! This is the fifth monthly issue of Thunderbolt. We have been on time and on target every month. Over 28,000 new people have received a copy, thanks to our subscribers and donors.
© 2004 • ®Ounbcrbolt
Bits &
pieces
Brazoria County, Texas, Justice of the Peace Matt Zepeda, 57, is continuing his fight to stay office. He has been
in
suspended since December 2002, and the fight will go well into 2004. One inmate, Tommy Leroy Luttrell, who had been pepper sprayed, refused to quickly stand when Justice Zepeda ordered him to, during a jailhouse bond hearing. Zepeda, a former policeman, | said on videotape “You gonna
act like a f--nn—r?”When
the inmate rolled over, Zepeda, a “Hispanic,” found out that Leroy” was White. The inmate did not complain, but jail officials did. In another case Zepeda yelled at an inmate, who the f—k are you? You
have no f-—n rights.”y
Herschel William Ostine was arrested on 30 September 2003 in Nashville, TN, for a July 2000 murder in Houston, Texas. Houston authorities believed he stalked and killed a mall security guard who was to be a witness against him in an upcoming trial, y
Prosecutors in Green Cove Springs, FL, plan to try Thomas L. White IV, 17, as an adult in the death of Edgar David Baez, also 17. They claim that as the final school bell rang on 12 September 2003, White hit Baez in the head with a single sucker punch. Baez died 8 days later, y
On 24 October 2003, Aja Locklear was found guilty of simple assault from an incident on 2 September. Originally she was accused of ramming the car of 19-year-old Victoria Lowry, dragging her out, and kicking her in the stomach. Lowry was three months pregnant. For her part in the fight, Lowry was found not guilty of assault but guilty of stalking. Locklear is Miss University of North Carolina—
| Pembroke. Although she vowed never to resign her crown, after her conviction she did so. In June, she gave a speech on breaking the cycle of domestic violence, y
		
		
		
		
Vicksburg, Mississippi, police * arrested Randolph Vance, 40, on 22 September 2003. He was wanted for a bank robbery and attempted murder of a witness from a Louisiana bank robbery two days before. Louisiana authorities say he is a suspect in at least seven bank robberies. He called the FBI from a pay telephone in Vicksburg. They kept him on the line while they traced the call and had the Vicksburg police pick him
up.y
On 28 September 2003, Richard Simmons went on a two-hour, King Kong-like rampage in Philadelphia. He leapt from roof to roof tearing television antennas loose and throwing them into power lines causing a massive explosion. He threw roof tiles, bottles, and bricks at police below. He screamed like an animal and cut his arms with the two knives he was carrying. Finally he surrendered, y
Chiquita Smalls and her family were at the First Assembly of God Church in Augusta, GA, at 4:30 p.m. on 14 September 2003. Witnesses say a man came into the church and waved a wad of paper money to try to attract 2-year-old Jada, Chiquita’s daughter. He grabbed her and threw her over his left shoulder like a sack of potatoes. He ran out of the church with the screaming baby. Chiquita and two nephews, ages 7 and 12, pursued him. After two blocks, he dropped the child and yelled that children didn’t understand him. Then he said he was God and that God hated children. He ran off laughing. Six hours later police arrested, John Blount, 55, pictured, a “homeless” man. Police think he may be nuts.y
In October 2003, Memphis police accused Sheryl Hinton (pictured) and Andrea White of raping a 12-year-old boy, their nephew, y
New statistics on prison population by race
In August 2003, the Justice Department’s Bureau of Justice Statistics released a study on people who have done prison time. These numbers do not include people serving time in jails or who were given probation without any prison time. The numbers vary by race. For example, 2.6% of White men have done time compared to 7.7% of Hispanic men and 17.0% of Black men.
The total number of people who have been to prison has tripled since 1974. Prison population is expected to soar with the increasing Black and Hispanic populations.
Previous studies have attempted to determine the total number of convicted criminals, not just the number who actually do “hard time” in prison. Those studies estimate that between 30% and 50% of Black men have already been convicted of a serious crime. If you see ten average Black men, between three and five of them are likely to be convicted criminals, y
Chicago’s killers: 92% are Black or Hispanic
This according to Reuters news agency 26 August 2003. Reuters blames drugs and gangs. Thunderbolt blames the killers. X
Back Issues of Thunderbolt
The following are available. September 2003 [Issue 1-1] October 2003 [Issue 1-2] November 2003 [Issue 1-3] December 2003 [Issue 1-4]
You may receive these back issues at the following price:
1	issue $5
2	issues $9
3	Issues $12
4	Issues $15
See page 3 for address and for bulk purchases. We cannot guarantee the availablity of any particular past issues.
Day of the Rope nomination
Day of the Rope metaphor
Dr. William L. Pierce predicted that White Americans would someday get fed up with White race traitors. Whites will likely rise up and hang the traitors from the nearest lamppost, he predicted in his famous novel, The Turner Diaries.
Thunderbolt believes that such an event may well occur in the not-too-distant future. From time to time, we will feature those whom Whites might rise against.
We hope that such an event need never occur. Hopefully the “lynching” will be just a political metaphor and not a physical reality. However, we see no indication that our enemies will come to their senses.
In September 2003, Senator Orin Hatch continued his main political goal of amnesty for 10 million illegal aliens. While public outrage has temporarily stalled the Bush amnesty plan. Hatch plans to win small victories. His September plan is to make citizens of 50,000 illegal children. That effectively would prevent the deportation of their parents and siblings. Hatch is working closely with groups like Latino Alliance of Salt Lake City to promote his “DREAM Act for Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors.”
In October 2003, he pressed for a bill that would eliminate the Constitutional requirement that U.S. presidents and vice presidents be born in the U.S. That requirement has long been a thorn in the side of Jews like Tom Lantos, Henry Kissinger, and Madeleine Albright who cannot serve as president.
Orrin Hatch is a doer of many treacherous deeds, but his immigration wrongs alone are notable. Hatch’s selling out to non-White, foreign interests earns him this month’s “Day of the Rope Award.” y
1 in 12 Mississippi Black men in their 20s in a state prison
The 1 in 12 figure does not include those in county jails or Federal prison. And it does not include those who are on parole, out on bond awaiting trial, have served their sentence, or haven’t been caught yet. Expressed as a percentage, 8% of Black men in their 20s are currently in state prison compared to 1.7% of Whites. A Black man in Mississippi is 4.8 times as likely as a White man to be in prison. Mississippi prisons consider Hispanics to be White, so the number for White non-Hispanics would be less than 1.7%.
Liberal groups like the ACLU blame the difference in Black and White incarceration on “societal problems.” This would include such things as the impact of racism, environment, poverty, and lack of opportunity for equal education.
However, common sense will tell you that people bom with stupid, lazy, or criminal tendencies are more likely to create their own poverty, drop out of school, and end up in jail, y
34 tKIjunberbolt SJanuarp 2004
© 2004 • QTIninberbolt
Pizza delivery girls and boys murdered
	
	
	
	IBbShTi
	hHKbHH I
	11^—su
Washington Courthouse, Ohio: Four rob, gang rape & murder Precious Carter
	||g|5
Hr"	CL
The following is according to Assistant District Attorney Keith Stutes ofYoungsville, Louisiana. Kenry Lewis,
37, pleaded guilty on 18 September 2003 to first-degree murder.
On 27 September 2001 at 11:20 p.m., Kenry Lewis called Domino’s Pizza on a cell phone and ordered pizza delivered to his home. At about midnight, Tiffany Ulmer, 19, delivered the pizza to Lewis.
Lewi planning rape, attacked her in his driveway. Ulmer fought back and hit Lev,;s in the eye. He kidnapped her and drove her Honda Accord behind his house. According to Stutes, “Thereafter, the defendant physically injured and sexually abused the victim. The victim’s skull and face were fractured. The victim s shoulder and ribs were broken.
I — The victim resisted to the utmost but was overcome by the force of the attack ty the defendant.”
It was an extremely brutal attack. It was more a gruesome torture than pything. Lewis drove to a cane field and pried Miss Ulmer, who was either dead dying. He moved the Accord to a new cation, and burned it.
About two weeks later, Lewis ■turned to the grave, dug up Ulmer’s Ldy, burned it, and covered it over.
I Lewis was a suspect from the Jginning, but it wasn’t until later that mNA from hair found in Lewis’ pocket fcs patched with Ulmer.
I Facing a nearly certain death penalty,
. pleaded guilty. The DA convinced I , ’s family to accept the deal. The DA
On 6 October 2003, Matthew McCullough (left) was found guilty for the second time of the murder of Precious Carter, 31. Precious Carter was a single mother of one child. In June 2000, she was delivering a pizza, and McCullough and three other Black males jumped her. They kidnapped her, robbed her, raped her, and beat her to death in a most hideous fashion. Then they left her body in an alley behind a school. The other three were juveniles and got off practically Scot-free.
McCulloch, who was then 19, pleaded guilty and got life. He changed his mind and appealed. The 12th District Ohio Court of Appeals said Mr. McCullough’s rights had been violated and that if he wasn’t retried, he should be freed. In 2003, he was retried and found guilty but avoided a life sentence. Now he’s supposed to be sentenced to 58 years without parole. But that’s meaningless, and he’ll be appealing on some technicality. The other three murdering rapists will soon be back on the street/^
in
lazy to try the case, M
Subscribe to
tOjunberbolt
Today!
Your other magazines will gather dust while your OTbunberbolt will be read and reread. See page 3 for details. Your subscription will help get Cbunberbolt to more readers.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin:
Two ambush & murder Scott Schanowski

From left to right: Alexander Velazaquez-Perez, Waldemar Perez, and Scott Schanowski.
Traci Hernandez worked at a Little Caesars Pizza in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. According to the police, about the first of October 2003, she toldTonia Santiago,
19, andYamiris Malave, 18, just how each day’s receipts were transported and deposited the next morning. Santiago sold the information to Alexander Velazaquez-Perez, 33, for $500.
Three or four days later, Hernandez showed up at the bank to deposit the money. Yamiris Malave drove Velazaquez-Perez and Jesus Carrion, 26, there. Using a shotgun, the two forced Hernandez to drive off with them as passengers. After a few blocks, they ran off, stealing the $2,647 deposit and Hernandez’s cell phone.
Police say Velazaquez-Perez used part of the money to buy a handgun.
Then on Saturday, 11 October, Velazaquez-Perez (pictured left) and Waldemar Perez, 22, (pictured center) were waiting at 10:40 a.m. when Scott Schanowski, 26, a Little Caesars delivery boy showed up at the same bank to make the daily deposit. The plan was the same, but something went wrong, and a scuffle with Schanowski broke out. Velazaquez-Perez shot and killed him. The shooter claims it was an accident.
The suspects were captured in only a few minutes in Schanowski’s car. There was a bank robbery only 25 minutes before the killing. That bank was two blocks from the one where Schanowski was killed, y


£l)unbrrbolt Januarp 2004	35
Jason Pratt grew up in Omaha. In high school, he was a standout halfback, a big stocky boy with exceptionally strong legs. He married and attended the University of Nebraska at Omaha, majoring in criminal justice. He joined the Omaha Police Department in 1997.
He was a tough cop with a big, gentle smile who took pride in protecting those who worked at night. Fellow officers remember him as fun-loving and as a practical joker. He was a member of the emergency response team, a SWAT-like unit.
His number-one priority in life was his wife and two daughters, Madison, 3, and Jordan, 8-months. They had just begun to build a new home in a small town nearby when he was murdered.
His widow, Stacy, personally greeted most of more than 5,000 people who attended his benefit dinner just a few weeks after his
This story can be a bit confusing because the two key police officers are named Platt and Pratt—Robert Platt and Jason Pratt.
Police patrols are heavy in Omaha, Nebraska, especially as the weekend approaches. Officers on night patrol often have partners. Night clerks would not survive long in this predator-infested city if not for the heavy patrols. At 9:50 p.m. on 11 September 2003, rookie Robert Platt and his partner attempted to pull over a rusty green Chevrolet. Platt had been on duty less than four weeks. The lone occupant jumped out of the Chevy and fled on foot.
Officer Jason Pratt and his partner
were getting coffee at a convenience store
•
when the radio call came in at 9:53 p.m.
to assist officers in finding
man. They arrived along withlSSr Wro
11	V\	\M
officers, and the eigtogpBT searching the	The	area	has
older houa^wllrialny vacant lots and yards thaDuit^rergrown withjjrees, brush, and wmb. ^ 9-*	y|
A witness in onexn the homes saw , Jason Pratt looking into a large ^kuftfy of sticky brush. Pratt kedtlhbkfng and suddenly shouted, wplice. ... Get your hands up. Come out! Come out!” The witness saw a flash of white light from the bushes and saw Jason Pratt fall.
Rookie Robert Platt turned to see Pratt on the ground. A man sprang from the bushes, hurtled Pratt’s body, and ran.
Platt fired about six rounds, and the man, later identified as Albert Rucker, fell.
Officer Platt had been hit in the head and died seven days later. Albert Rucker, whose body was riddled by Officer Platt, died four hours after having been shot^
The face of a predator
Albert W. Rucker, 21, was raised in Omaha and had four children ranging in ages from one to five. He was unemployed, unmarried, and a high school dropout.
His family said he had “a few run-ins” with the law. He had two juvenile convictions for weapons charges and one for first-degree assault that sent him to reform school three times. He didn’t reform.
In 2000, Ricker was convicted for second-degree assault. He had active warrants for failure to obey court orders, was awaiting trial for felony possession of a firearm, and faced an upcoming hearing for probation violation. Two guns were found beside his body.
This Omaha battle was just one more skirmish in our losing war against the predators. Each day, the predator producing populations grow while the White population diminishes. The proportion of White officers in the police forces is diminishing due to affirmative action demands of minorities and treacherous White politicians. The rules
of engagement that the police must fight under grow increasingly in favor of the criminals. Cops like Jason Pratt hesitate to shoot minority predators. Shooting one often means a ruined career and years of court battles. The enemy has a virtual deadlock on the news media and politics. We must act soon or our people will be destroyed.
CJjunberbolt
Dispatch
An occasional bulletin exclusively for subscribers to Thunderbolt
Copyright 2004, by Thunderbolt LLC
No part of Thunderbolt Dispatch may be reproduced by
any method or quoted at any length for any purpose.
January 2004
About the Dispatch
The Dispatch will be issued only occasionally. We will devote our efforts to getting the magazine out on time.
The Dispatch will allow insertion of some last minute items and provide direct communication to subscribers only. Over 90% of the copies of Thunderbolt of Truth go to nonsubscribers.
Many of the editorial comments in Dispatch will be provocative, and you may not agree with some. But they offer food for thought.*

Leave us in the Barbershop
Waiting areas in businesses such as barbershops are excellent places to leave a copy of Thunderbolt. Some subscribers leave a copy by “accident,” and some do it openly. One fellow in Missouri delivers to four barbershops, which he calls his quartet. Or you could buy a gift subscription for a barbershop. Other good places where White men must wait are auto repair shops, quick lubes, etc. Some may discard your magazine, but not every bullet hits the target.*
Why is Thunderbolt not tax exempt?
The IRS decides which organizations are tax exempt. All religious ones are tax exempt, but the IRS decides which organizations are religious. In the past, some Patriotic groups have tried to prove they are religious, but the cost of proving it in the courts is generally too high.
Thunderbolt puts the survival and progress of our people above religion. Race over religion is a minimum requirement for patriotism.
The other way is to qualify as a non-religious non-profit, but among the requirements are the usual prohibitions against racial discrimination. Some organizations have managed this by pretending to be academic, cultural, etc.
We are not going to pretend to be religious or believers in equality. Lying is not a characteristic of the people that we represent.
Nor are we going to waste one unnecessary dollar or one minute of our time filling out government forms or getting in court battles. Revolutionaries do not fight battles on the enemy's ground. The IRS and the courts are the enemy’s ground.*
The movement
What is the movement? The Greeks began formalizing knowledge some 500 years BC. They would have demanded to know who is in the “movement” and who is not? What are the criteria?
Are you in the movement? Let’s assume you answered “yes.” Are five drunken White punks who beat up a Black in your movement? How about some outfit that calls themselves patriotic but makes a good living selling advertising to charlatans who sell miracle health cures? Are they in your movement? How about a group that goes on nature hikes and talks about
c?
the mystical powers of Thor? Think of other examples.
My answer is that the movement defies definition.
Direction and progress— Movement implies going somewhere. Where are the movement people going? Are they all going in the same direction? Are they getting anywhere? The movement seems to be a mob that doesn’t know where it is going, and, in any event, isn’t getting there.
Group fantasy—Most people who say they are “in the movement” are not capable of a significant, consistent individual effort. They are hoping other people will do their work and their fighting.
Personality fantasy—Many of the movement people are waiting for their Great White Hope, whom they usually imagine as an awe-inspiring speaker who will get people to take action. Some of them even have candidates in mind to be their new Hitler.
But who will listen and on what platform will the speaker speak? The answer is that there is no available
platform because public speaking is mostly an obsolete technology. It died in the 1950s when TV, stereos, and radio became commonplace.
Many of you have been to meetings with good public speakers like David Duke. Let me guess. Only a few people were there. Almost none of them were new and uninitiated Patriots. Almost everyone agreed with the speaker, and no one’s mind was changed about anything significant. And I’ll bet no one was moved to take any concrete action.
Disagree?—This editorial won’t please many, and many will disagree with most of it.
Once, I believed in the necessity of “the movement.” In about 1995,1 saw something written by Dr. William Pierce that said the things I said above in a different way. I didn’t believe him. At that time, I needed to believe that there was a “movement” with effective people in it. As I observed those who say they are part of the movement, I compared what I saw with what Dr. Pierce said. He was right, and I was wrong.
The alternative—Consider the possibility that leadership is the alternative to “the movement.” The revolution will be spearheaded by a few really hard men who know how to work. Work means long hours, 365 days per year. Each of these men will be focused on one or a few essential tasks. They will not allow themselves to be distracted until that task is self-supporting and self-managed.
These men will be backed by a few hundred financial supporters at the $25 to $500 per month levels.
I believe I am one of those hard, effective, focused men 1 hope to
motivate a few other men each year to become hard, effective and focused.
My conclusion is that the movement is in many ways the opposite of leadership. Leadership is finding good people and leading them in a direction. The movement is a directionless mob, and movement “leaders” are just men who get out in front of the mob and use the mob for their own and often non-patriotic purposes.^
Don’t remember us in your will
Your people need your help now. Every day, the enemy grows stronger, and our people grow weaker. It is time to hit the panic button.
Congressman Tom Tancredo estimates that there are between 13 and 20 million illegal aliens in the U.S. To
put that in perspective, the Soviet armed forces at their peak during World War 11 were about 16 million.
There are over 40 million Blacks in the U.S. And more are coming in as refugees. Asians, too, are pouring in.
The time to act is now. Things may look bad, but they’ll look a lot worse tomorrow.
Many of the publications and groups that tell you “remember us in your will” have been around since the 1950s and have accomplished little. And they don’t want to because solving our problem will require revolution, and that’s the last thing they want. They want the status quo.
The proof of that is that they are willing to sit around and wait for you to die. Thunderbolt is not waiting on anyone or any event.*
Your help requested to get Thunderbolt to the “needy”
The “needy” we want to help are the ignorant not the poor. There are hundreds of thousands on the borderline of becoming Patriots, but they lack a source of nourishment. Each month. Thunderbolt is sent free to thousands of people we find on carefully targeted mailing lists. We try to find those who either know they are hungry for our kind of knowedge or are hungry but don’t know it. The rest are an inefficient waste of your money. We need donors to subsidize this effort. If you can help this month, please send what you can. Your donations help us keep our volume up and our unit costs down.
Nam^_______________________ —---
Address saws_____
City____________
Donation amount
State
Zip Code
Make checks & MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC; mail to:
Thunderbolt LLC PO BOX 400
EHM
Sense of urgency
One goal of Thunderbolt is to develop a sense of urgency in readers. Our country and our race will shortly be beyond recovery, if we do not act very soon.
Developing this sense of urgency is difficult. Most people cannot think straight. Part of the reason for fuzzy thinking is that they choose to blast themselves with TV, radio, and music. Those media prevent thinking.
Most men don’t even think when they are working. I see men mowing their yards or doing some other chore with music blasting in their ears from a stereo on their belt. The constant noise of TV, radio, and music is an escape from reality, somewhat like ghetto Blacks on drugs. The decline of our people is in direct correlation to the rise of the noise media.
Reading is a thinking man’s activity, if he does it without TV, music, or radio. The reader can pause, reflect, and reread parts. Critical thinkers read; sheep listen.
Almost everyone can read three times as fast as he can listen. Reading retention is higher and memory is better when a person has time to reflect and reorder the facts in his mind.
Thunderbolt will develop a sense of urgency in most readers, if they give up the noise media. With this sense of urgency will come dedication, courage, and the willingness to commit time and resourses to Our Cause.*
NOTICE: I enjoy reading comments that subscribers send to me. I cannot answer every letter, and I will not try to please everyone. However, I can team from most of you. —Editor
Despite sophisticated detection equipment to spot illegals, they continue to invade our homeland. Two-thirds of immigrants are legal and most of them are non-White.
Each year, between 1.4 and 2 million immigrants come to the U.S. There are at least 45 million of them here now. That is one of every seven people in our homeland.*
**********
Printing problems
The commercial printer that prints Thunderbolt does a poor job in post-press operations, resulting in a number of problems that make Thunderbolt less than it should be. Unfortunately, I have not found another printer that will print Thunderbolt’s type of content as cheaply.
If we go to a better printer, costs will about double, and we’ll need to cut volume in half or find another $ 1000 per month.
We try to inspect the copies and send the better ones to our subscribers. Most copies go to carefully targeted mailings to non-subscribers. Less than 1% are actually discarded.
If you get a copy that you believe
too substandard, drop us a note and e’ll get you a better copy in the mail, a sure and tell us whicf	“