


Thunderbolt • December 2004 • Volume 2-4
Partial Contents
AIDS: What the government & media hide
The modem captivity of Cassie Arnold by a savage
Lucky Tiffany survives
He was a terror on the basketball court
Deadly Border Patrol traffic stop
Coachella syphilis
New Orleans cops refuse permit to anti-violence festival Det. McKenzie Mattingly not guilty of killing drug dealer Chicago’s South Side: Tuesday night at the mini-riots Wrhy are cops hated in some neighborhoods?
Death by illegal: Fourth-generation cop’s last patrol Small town cops attacked by mob Gunman yells, “1 ain’t going back to jail”
Mexicans caught near Canadian border
Phoenix’s puro Mexican used car dealers
Videotaping skyscrapers
Mixtec infects 56 with TB
Ridge puts Mexican trucks in the fast lane
Mexican vs. Jew riot
Mexicans blame us for Mexican killer
Three plead guilty to gang rape of a child
Editorial: Remittances
5,000 alien sex slaves
Sex shack busted in Alma
ICE is a no-show in Catoosa, Oklahoma
Patel smuggling ring broken up
Record-holding baseball coach sues for race discrimination No gain at Florida A&M under Gainous Memphis high school riots Lumbees battle Blacks in high school 60 cops fight chaos at Chester High School: 28 arrested 2 boys caught smoking cigarettes at HS football game Richmond County, Georgia, schools call in the deputies For some, high school is a riot
60 cops battle 40 students at Stall High School: 20 arrests Punks attack three Guilford principals Rural Nebraska three-day chase The risk law-enforcement officers take
H
■
if


$




\
Deadly weapon
Thugs attack principal
mum


Full-auto illegal hunt

Israeli UAV on US border
i
AIDS: What the government & media hide

AIDS Rates per 100,000 Women, by Region and Race/Ethnicity, ^ Reported in 1999, United States
104.0
] White, not Hispanic I Black, not Hispanic I Hispanic
20
46.9
28.0
18.1
3.6
Northeast
N=4.128
6.2
2.5
4.4
'Excludes Puerto Rico and territories
North Central South
N-759 r N=4,58l
Region*
West
N-947
According to a U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) study, the rate of infection for AIDS is 2.3 per 100,000 for White women, and for Black women it is 50.5 per 100,000.
In other words, a Black female is 21.7 times as likely to have HIV as a White female.
The rate for Hispanic women is 11.8 per 100,000, which is 5.1 times the rate for White women.
Experts say the racial disparity is caused by Black and Hispanic women having sex with bisexual males and with males who use intravenous drugs.
This is undoubtedly true, but there is more to the story. That is, “why” do they have sex with bisexual males and IV-drug users?
First of all, they do it because they are stupid. By that I mean they have low intelligence; they were born that way. Stupid people don’t care, and they are too stupid to connect future consequences with current action.
Second, they do it because they are “hot.” Their sexual desires are greater than that of White women. Blacks and “Hispanics” are races of whores.
Third, they do it because they use sex to get what they want.
Why young White men want women who look “hot,” is beyond me. Why do many of our young White women want to look “hot” like a sleazy Mexican or Black female singer?
A “cultural movement” cannot stop it. Only a revolution can. Y
Proportion of AIDS Coses, by Race/Bhnicity and Year of Report,19851999, United States
O 40
u 30 u
White, not Hispanic
Black, not Hispanic
\
Hispanic
Asian/Pacific Islander
American tdian/ Alaska Ns ve
1985	1987	1989	1991	1993	1995	1997	1999
Year of Report
AIDS among homos and MSM
Race:
Black
Hispanic
White
Infection rates per 100,000 population
55.5
26.8
10.9
The above table includes only homosexuals and bisexuals. These two groups are what the government calls MSM or “men who have sex with men.”
It shows that White perverts have AIDS much less often than “Hispanic” or Black perverts. White perverts are much more capable of avoiding AIDS. Y
Less than 2% of all new HIV cases are due to blood transfusions, hemophiliacs, medical accidents, and all other innocent transmissions. Y
In October 2004, JAMA, Journal of the American Medical Association, released its version of the famous 2003 North Carolina study. JAMA showed that 88% of North Carolina male college students with HIV were Black, and most of these were MSM (men who have sex with men). Many of the Black MSMs are bisexuals who spread it to Black women.
The study demonstrates that even intelligent Blacks have much higher AIDS rates than Whites. Race is the biggest factor in contracting AIDS. Y
The above graph from the U.S. CDC shows that Whites were 60% of new AIDS cases in 1985, but were only 30% of new AIDS cases in 1999.
Blacks were 25% of new AIDS cases in 1985 but 50% of cases in 1999. Blacks are 13% of the U.S. population, yet they account for 50% of new AIDS cases. [Interestingly, Blacks also account for over 50% of murderers in the U.S.]
The percentage of Hispanic AIDS cases increased but not nearly as fast as Black cases.
Why is a dramatic decrease in White AIDS paralleled by a dramatic increase in Black AIDS? Obviously, Whites positively changed their behavior and Blacks did not. It’s that simple.
Blacks don’t get AIDS because they are ignorant about AIDS.
Most of the local, state, and Federal money spent on AIDS education is spent on Blacks and Hispanics.
Households in Black neighborhoods get mailers. Schools where Black kids attend get special programs. Tens of thousands of paid government Black workers go into Black neighborhoods. They talk to people on the street; they go door to door; they go into churches; and they go into homeless shelters.
For the last 20 years. Blacks have been bombarded with AIDS information from cradle to grave. They know more about AIDS than you do. They just don’t care, and they never will. Y
£bunbtrboli Drtrmbrr 2004
(Fl)iinbn bnlt of Truth
December 2004	VOLUME	2-4
Thunderbolt is published approximately monthly by Thunderbolt LLC with articles of interest to action-oriented Americans. Articles reflect the opinion of the authors and/or editor and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of any related organization. Single copy price is $5 [postpaid]. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year for U.S.
and Canada. All other countries: $80.
If you like Thunderbolt, support it.
Others don’t know what you know. They have never seen your magazine. Thunderbolt. You can give them the chance to see your message.
Every month, we send free copies to thousands of potential patriots. We do not send these copies blindly to the general public. Instead, we send them to those on carefully selected mailing lists. We also advertise in mainstream magazines that our target audience is likely to be reading.
These mailings and advertisings are effective, but they are also expensive. Help us get tens of thousands of copies into the hands of those who can benefit. Thunderbolt will grow faster and be even bigger and better if you will support it with your contributions. Send what you can afford, whether it is $10 or $500. There will be no future, if you do not act today. —Robert A. DeMarais, Ph.D., Editor
Become a tEtyunberbolt distributor and get the truth to the many who need it.
Bulk & Distributor Prices
Number of copies	One time purchase	6-Month Distributor Subscription	12-Month Distributor Subscription
10	$10.00	$55.00	$100.00
25	$20.00	$110.00	$200.00
50	$30.00	$165.00	$330.00
100	$50.00	$275.00	$500.00
The above prices include postage to U.S. destinations. For foreign bulk orders, please write.			
■ United States and Canada, 12 Issues $40.00
□	United States and Canada, Introductory Rate, 5 Issues $18.00
□	All Other Countries (Airmail) 12 Issues $80.00 [Payable in U.S. dollars only]
Nam^______________________________________________
Address:. City___
State
Zip Code.
Country.
Enclose Payment	□	Money	Order	□	Check	□	Cash
Make checks and MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC and mail to: Thunderbolt LLC PO BOX 400
MARLINTON WV 24954-0400
2-04
Thunderbolt LLC • PO Box 400 • Marlinton • WV 24954 • USA
Cliunbrrboll • C; 2004
QTliiiiibnUolt QernnOn 2004
3
The modern captivity of Cassie Arnold by a savage

This is Cassie Arnold in a snapshot before the ordeal. She was gentle and sincere, and she was trying to make the world a better place. She survived but her life is permanently shattered.
Cassandra “Cassie” Arnold had wanted to help prisoners since she was a teen. Her teachers and the news and entertainment media twisted her motherhood instincts toward helping the beasts in our prisons.
Cassie is 27 and 5*7". She was an optimistic and easygoing young woman. In 2001, she took a job as a counselor at Delaware Correctional Center near Smyrna, Delaware. This is a medium-high security prison where some of the most dangerous criminals are sent.
In 2003, Cassie was promoted to senior counselor.
By 2004, the hardworking Cassie was burned out from dealing with the monsters, and she planned to leave and take up art. Three years of dealing with the intractable and tolerating the intolerable is too much.
The system that drags our girls into psychology and sociology is a sham. In their first job, most burn out in a couple of years, when they realize that they are wasting their time. Many leave the profession. Others quit trying and just go through the motions,
This rehabilitation farce wastes tens of billions of taxpayer dollars and does the counselors far more damage than it
Scott A. Miller was arrogant and proud, but he had nothing to be proud about. He was lazy, stupid, and violent. Those like him are as dangerous as grizzly bears.
benefits the counselees.
Scott Miller
One of the monsters that Cassie was charged with rehabilitating was Scott A. Miller, 45. Mr. Miller was in prison for 699 years for 37 counts of rape, robbery and kidnapping. In 1997, Miller terrorized Wilmington, Delaware, raping and brutalizing at will.
Cassie remembers that Miller always had “a glare in his eyes.” She also recalls how big he was. Miller was 6’3” and 260 pounds of pure gorilla.
Anger-management class
Miller was one of eight students in Cassie’s anger-management class. In class on 12 July 2004, he niggled that a guard had put a sandwich in his cell and that another guard had called him a “nigger.” The guards were all out to get him, he claimed.
He also was upset because he had not been given a transfer to a prison in Virginia so he could be near one of his children. Cassie couldn't tell him yet. but she had already started the paperwork to get him transferred to Virginia.
At 10:15 a.m., after the students left the classroom. Cassie went back to her office. She noticed that two of the sliding
security doors were open. These doorsare supposed to be shut; leaving them open would allow prisoners like Miller to invade the office area. Many of the inmates at Smyrna prison are far more dangerous than Scott Miller.
Cassie was running a couple of errands in the office area and j lanned to go to another building.
Cassie did not know it, but Idler had followed her part way and the n ducked into a bathroom.
As she walked back past the bathroom, she saw the door quickly close with a flash of yellow behind it. Prisoners wore yellow.
“I immediately thought that there was an inmate in the bathroom,’’ she later said.
Cassie pushed the door back open] and said, “What are you doing in there‘9 The hulking Miller grabbed her bj| the neck and dragged h r into thd bathroom. He had an 11-inch shank which was a crude knife th was mad| from a bucket handle.
Miller said, “If you scr m, I’ll kil you right here.”
Cassie later said, “I sc earned m head off. ‘Oh my God, Mille s got me!' Everyone knew who “Millei was.1 Miller locked the bat! oom dod from the inside, and he th ‘w Cassi
ri
against the wall like a rag dol
Whenevd had beel
she had seen him before, h
faking and acting civilized.
Suddenly, Miller becai ^uHnsal
animal. His nostrils flared like a gorillJ
She later said, “His eyes were poppm
out of his head” in a frenzy. “He tumd
into the monster that he was in there for
His whole body was shaking in anger. I
You ve seen Blacks animal-rage liV
that in the old movies, and cops that dl
with Blacks see them like that quite oft
It is a secret that the modern media kecj from you.
They had been in the bathroom eig
minutes when hi* , . ,	,	,	J
ni dragged her back o
into the hall with th»t u™- j .,
1111 in*it horrid ragged km
to her throat.
4 (fhunbrilioil Drrrmbrr 2004
n 2004 • (Tliuubi'ili
Study Cass thought that if you see? Tc ■/$ continue to p® their most fil|| from savaaSS

fat
iH
tppeared seven weeks after her ordeal. Her shrink e media it would help her mental health. What do |6ks neurotic and full of despair. Our race cannot |nen on the front lines. White men are failing in risibility, to protect our young women and children
Cassie later said, “I could barely breathe, I My toes weren’t on the floor and he had the knife to my neck.” No guards had bothered to arrive yet. He dragged her back to her office where a
Cv
male prison captain was using the phone. Miller chased him out and locked the door.
Prisoner in her office
Cassie was to be in her tiny 10’ by 10’ office terrorized by the monster from Wilmington for 6V2 hours.
sP
Miller would make a demand to talk to the warden or media. When it was refused, which was always, he’d go back into his frenzy with his body shaking, his eyes bulging out, and his nostrils flaring.
The warden refused to negotiate. Cassie knew it was only a matter of time before the animal decided to kill her. At 2:00 p.m., she tried to call her mother to say goodbye, but the line was dead.
“1 felt abandoned, like no one cared at all,” she would later confide.
The answer to Miller’s last demand came in the form of a note passed under the door. It said no negotiations before he surrendered his hostage. Miller went into his most insane fury and decided to rape and kill Miss Arnold.
Unknown to Cassie and the monster, Lt. Keith Hoffer and a small team had been assigned to try to help her. Hoffer finally discovered that the walls to her office did not reach to the real ceiling. As in most office-type buildings, the gap was hidden by 2’ x 4’ acoustic ceiling tiles.
In the adjoining office, Hoffer removed some tiles and began to inch through the ceiling and over the wall. In his hand was a .40-caliber pistol. He didn’t have a plan, but it was time to do something.
Back in Cassie’s office, the newly enraged monster tied her hands behind her back with a shoelace and then stripped away her clothes. He smelled her body with those flaring nostrils like a beast smells its prey. He poked at her with his huge filthy hands.
He raged and screamed and started stabbing boxes of paper with the shank.
He paced and grumbled about the warden. He bellowed, “So you (expletives) lied to me. ... You get the (expletive) out of that office or she’s going to die.”
“I don’t have anything to lose,” he roared as he ogled her naked body. Cassie looked around for a weapon, any weapon, but the monster smashed her face down on the floor, and then he raped her.
Just as he was finishing, he heard something and jumped up. At first, he didn’t realize it was Lt. Hoffer trying to come over the wall and through the ceiling.
Miller finally spotted Hoffer and attacked the hole in the ceiling with his huge crude knife. He slashed and stabbed but Hoffer managed to recoil back far enough to barely avoid the insane onslaught.
In the meantime, Cassie, still naked, had undone the shoelace, but she wisely kept her hands behind her back so that Miller would not know she was free.
She got to her feet and backed into a corner of the tiny office. The monster realized that he could not reach Lt. Hoffer. Raised knife in hand, Miller turned and charged across the room to butcher Cassie.
Hoffer raised his pistol and quickly fired toward the monster’s back.
“I heard a shot fired, and he still ran toward me,” she later said. The monster was hit but still bent on murder.
Hoffer fired again, and again the beast recoiled in pain.
He was trying to stab Cassie, but she had grabbed his wrist with both of her little hands. He lunged forward and down. Blood was squirting everywhere. Covered in blood, she realized that she too had been shot.
Cassie later said, “I grabbed it (the shank) and twisted it out of his hand and threw it across the room.”
Finally, the last of the life in the demon was gone, and he collapsed dead on top of her, as his Black soul returned to hell.
Hoffer and another guard crawled through the ceiling and pulled the blood-covered carcass off her. It was only then that Cassie realized that she had not been shot.
From an awkward position in the ceiling, by luck or skill, Hoffer had shot Miller twice. One shot hit the animal’s back just below the shoulder and exited his chest. The other shot went in Miller's butt and lodged near the spine.
It was 4:55 p.m., and Cassie’s ordeal, which at started at 10:15 a.m., was finally over.
Continued on the next page
{Cbunbrrliotl • © 2004
OriitmbrrboK Bcrcmbcr 2004
5
Continued from the preceding page
Happy ending?
There is no happy ending to this story. Seven weeks later, as we write this story. Cassie is little more than a mental basket case. She is taking drugs and sees two therapists.
She has only had five nights sleep, and those were filled with the most horrid nightmares imaginable, including one in which her mother also suffered during the ordeal.
Cassie’s days are filled with hideous flashbacks. Any sight, noise, or smell can bring back scenes of the frenzied Miller, the bulging eyes, the squirting blood, and all the rest.
One newspaper account says, “She sees and feels serial rapist Scott Miller pressing a metal shank around her throat. She smells his breath on her body. She hears him whisper, curse and scream.”
If the flashbacks and nightmares weren't bad enough, Cassie had to live with the fear of having been impregnated by the demon or having caught AIDS from him. It appears that she was spared those two horrors.
New beginning
Cassie’s life is shattered, but we have millions of other girls and women to protect. The beasts must be driven from our land. Those that won’t leave and those that help them must be sent to the same place that Scott Miller went.
We can control our own destiny only by reclaiming control of our land.X
Lucky Tiffany survives
In 1995, Ted Hires, owner of Sonny’s BBQ in Jacksonville, Florida, was attacked and robbed by an armed robber in the parking lot. He says, “The psychological trauma is way worse than being hurt physically.... 9V2 years and it’s still like yesterday, still like yesterday. There is never a day goes by that I don’t think about it.”
On 3 September 2004, his new cashier. Tiffany Giffis, closed the store and started for her car. Before she got there, she was attacked by a hooded gunman. The assailant grabbed her around the neck, jabbed his gun against her, and led her back to the cafe. The thug ordered her to open the door. Visions of terror and death raced through her mind.
However, the robber suddenly gave up, released her, and fled.
Hires is offering a $10,000 reward. Tiffany hopes the police capture the man. If not, she may be looking for a different and safer job.
She described the robber as a 23-year-old black man, 5’7" tall, 160 pounds, y
Acid in woman’s face
On 12 September 2004 at about 3 p.m., in Fridley, Minnesota, a woman was sitting
in her parked car at the Home Depot store.
A light-skinned Black man walked up and asked her for directions. As she started to answer, he threw an acid-like chemical in her face and grabbed for her purse.
He missed getting the purse and ran away.
The victim was rushed to the hospital. She had first-degree bums over o body and lost a considerable amount of hair. Doctors expect her to live.
Police have no leads, M
Convenience store clerk hammered
Peggy Nowell, 57, worked in the family store, the Pearl Hill Mini Mart near Carthage, Mississippi. She usually opened the store and cooked biscuits that drew in customers as well as family and friends. [Video from local news confirms she was White.]
One of the occasional customers at the Mini Mart was Sylvester Burkes, 22.
Leake County Sheriff Greg Waggoner said the police ha' e evidence that on the morning of 17 Oc i ober 2004. Burkes, alone or with a companion, entered the store, beat Peggy Nowell on the head with a hammer, stole the register, and left.
A customer found Peggy, and she was rushed to the University of Mississippi Medical Center, where an emergency
W	9
operation was performed. Two days later, she was pronounced brain dead; her family asked that life support be stopped She died the following day.
In describing the wounds. County Coroner Randolph Scott said, “That’s about as brutal as it comes.”
One month before, there had been a similar murder in an adjoining county. ^
v\ * I/> vM I f ^ sA I | v\ | I
6 Ihttnbrrliolf Drmubrr 2004
■o 2004 • QThnnbnbol1
Predators attack those who can’t fight back
He was a terror on the basketball court
Derrick Austin Hill, 22, was the big basketball star at Vanden High School in Fairfield, California, which is between San Francisco and Sacramento. He still holds the school’s records by averaging 24.4 points and 14 rebounds per game.
He played a year of college ball, laid around for a year, and then played another year (2002-2003) for a different college before quitting.
Victim #1: Police believe that at 3:50 a.m. on 19 September 2004, Derrick Hill kidnapped a woman at the Extended Stay America hotel in Vacaville, which is just west of Fairfield. She was in the parking lot. At gun point, he forced her into her new van and drove off. He sexually assaulted her. When he made a U-turn, she jumped out and ran for her life.
Police say Hill drove west but crashed the van in Fairfield. He ran to a house where a party was going on.
Victim #2: At gunpoint, Hill allegedly kidnapped a man from the party and made him drive to a credit union to withdraw cash from an ATM. He robbed the man.
Victims #3a and #3b: At the ATM, Hill spotted a woman with her 7-year-old child. He forced the child into victim #2’s car, carjacked the woman and her vehicle, and drove off. Victim #2 with the child in his car followed Hill for a while but lost him.
Police allege that Hill pistol-whipped that woman and sexually assaulted her. Later, Hill crashed her car on the Bay Bridge (the five-mile-long bridge between Oakland and San Francisco). The badly battered woman ran away.
Victim #4: Seeing a wreck in the middle of the long bridge, a 44-year-old woman from Fairfield stopped to help. Hill carjacked her and her car; he crashed a few minutes later and fled on foot.
Police searched San Francisco for the carjacker, and soon named Hill as the prime suspect. That led them to suspect that he had borrowed a teal-colored 2004 Nissan Sentra and was headed east to take refuge with friends in St. Louis, Missouri.
Derrick Austin Hill, set records both in basketball and in carjacking.
Previously Hill had only minor brushes with the law, including one arrest for drug possession.
Authorities believed that they spotted the car in Las Vegas. A bulletin was put out showing an estimated schedule of when he would pass various cities and arrive in St. Louis.
On 23 September, when Officer Chad Kinsey reported for duty in the town of St. Peters, Missouri (just 12 miles west of St. Louis), he heard the bulletin. At 11 p.m., Kinsey somehow spotted a teal-colored 2004 Nissan Sentra in the busy traffic on Interstate 70.
Two miles later, the Sentra was stopped, and suspect Derrick Austin Hill was taken into custody.
Assuming Hill is convicted, I can already hear his lawyer at his sentencing hearing. He will paint Hill as the victim. “Mr. Hill was a poor Black youth from a disadvantaged family. His success in basketball put a great deal of pressure on him, and he couldn’t take it. He’s not a bad guy; he just needs to take psychiatric medicine. He fell into a bad crowd and started taking drugs, which made him temporarily irrational.”
The lawyer’s argument may sway the judge, but this kind of argument essentially says Derrick Austin Hill and all those like him are unfit to live in a modern and free society. They lack self-control and are mental time bombs waiting to explode. #
Deadly Border Patrol traffic stop
Border Patrol agents with full-auto rifles search for two of three men that escaped from the shooting scene.
On 12 October 2004 at 12:14 p.m., Border Patrol agents near the Border Patrol headquarters in Tucson, Arizona, spotted a suspicious sedan.
They pulled the sedan over, and one woman and two or three men bailed out and ran. The woman had a handgun and opened fire on the agents. She fired three rounds at them, and then she put the pistol to her head and killed herself. The agents did not return fire.
Within minutes, the Border Patrol and other law enforcement agencies had on location dozens of men, K-9 units, and helicopters. But the other suspects, like their Indian, Apache-like ancestors, just disappeared into nowhere.
A drug K-9 immediately scented on the sedan’s trunk, and the sedan was impounded to be searched for contraband.
The Border Patrol says there are more of these highly-violent attacks on agents than last year or than ever before. The illegals are getting bolder and more violent.
For every illegal that the Border Patrol stops, at least four slip past. They are in your area; look around in Wal-Mart; look around in the grocery store. Check your newspaper, especially the new-births column. You will see that they are here in force, and they are expanding rapidly.
Only a couple thousand Border Patrol agents and your local cops stand between you and this invading army of predators. M

{TliunDriboll • O 2004
QTliunberbolt December 2004
7
Bungling robber messes up again
In February 2002, Steven Brock Price, now 37, was arrested for the unauthorized use of a vehicle belonging to Sherri Stone.
Also in 2002, Price snatched a woman’s purse in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Two male bystanders chased him down. When cornered. Price opened fire with a BB gun.
Price was arrested, pleaded guilty, and served two years.
He was released from prison on 10 July 2004; he returned to Pittsburgh.
Price is a suspect in the robbery of the Fairfield Inn motel that took place on 26 September 2004; he has not been charged for that crime.
Police say that on 28 September (two days after the first robbery) Price entered the Super 8 Motel, told the clerk that he had a gun, and demanded all the money. Price ran off with $38.07, leaving a trail of coins as he ran across the parking lot to make his escape.
Police allege that at 8:10 a.m. (only a couple of hours later) Price robbed a tanning salon of $310. He also tried to rob a customer who was just entering, but the customer had no money.
He escaped in a White Dodge Intrepid but was followed by the tanning salon owner. When Price arrived at a fast-food restaurant, she called the police on her cell phone. Price spotted her, fled the restaurant, and roared off in the Intrepid. That Intrepid is registered to none other than Sherri Stone.
He abandoned the Intrepid and raced on foot for the Blue Moon Bar. Outside
8 tCliimbfrUol! December 2004
the bar, he used a pay phone. Minutes later, a blue car pulled up; Price jumped in and made his escape.
Not only did the Intrepid lead the cops to Price, but also one of the restaurant employees went to high school with Price. Price’s photo was identified by the restaurant employee and by the tanning salon owner. Police picked up Price.
Price may seem like just a stupid bungling robber, but he is precisely the kind of predator that we should fear. Apparently, he never had a gun in any of the robberies. Had he been able to buy a gun on the black market, his bumbling robberies might have turned into murders. /I
Store clerk shot
A male and a female clerk were working at the Dairy Mart in Shively, Kentucky, (population 15,500) at 3:30 a.m. on 14 October 2004.
Two Blacks, a male and female, walked in, both were masked and carrying revolvers. The female Black had the male clerk empty the register into a bag.
The male robber forced the female clerk into the office and demanded the security videotape. She told him it was digital-electronic, and she couldn’t give
it to him.
He forced her to face the wall, and
then he walked out of the oft ice. He turned and fired his silver revolver, hitting her in the leg. |See abovepifurej She survived® escaped.X
Both robbers
Coachella syphilis
Historically, serious levels of syphilis occurred only in Blacks who lived in major cities or who lived in the rural South.
Your editor can recall the early 1970s in the Army when syphilis was epidemic in Black soldiers. Some of them had it so many times that the Army finally just kicked them out as ui| to be soldiers.
While the Black syphilis rate remains high, the new epidemic is among homosexuals.
In fact, the cities with the three highest syphilis rates are the homosexual magnets of Sanl Francisco, Atlanta, and New York City. San Francisco has the highest syphilis rate of any city in the U.S.
The Coachella Valley in California (Palm Springs) has a syphilis rate twice th at of San Francisco. Needless to say, the Coachella Valley is a major stronghold of homosex lal males. Over 400 Coachella Valley businesses are owned y homos.
The perverted homosexual lifestyle of drugs, sex, and homosexual prostitutes accounts for the epidemic. Most of the prostitutes are Hispanic or Black.
About 75% of gays with syphilis are also HIV positive.^
Subscribe to
®fjunberbolt
Today!
Your other magazines will gather dust while your Sbunfaerbolt will be read and reread. See page 3 for details.
© 2004 • QTliiinDcv
SSSMH|
s hang

New Orleans cops refuse permit to anti-violence festival
This is Soulja Slim as he wanted his fans to see him. He was gunned down on his mother’s front lawn. He has become the Black community’s poster boy for non-violence in New Orleans.
On 1 October 2004, supporters of the first annual Soulja Slim Stop the Violence Festival protested outside New Orleans City Hall because police refused to grant them a permit for their “festival.” The group planned to have rap groups perform before thousands of fans to protest violence, but the police said the risk of extreme violence at such an event was too great for even the New Orleans police to handle.
Let us look back at the life of Soulja Slim, who was a rap “artist.”
He was bom James Tapp and grew up in New Orleans’ Magnolia housing project. Tapp and his friends were violent. He was sent to prison in 1995 for armed robbery. He was released, but sent back for another crime. His final release from prison was in 2001.
He started a rap career, or so it seemed. He was following in the footsteps of two brothers, C-Murder and Master-P. The two had been boyhood friends of Tapp, and both became stars. Master-P is a big-time rap mogul.
Supposedly the three remained friends, and Master-P produced and released Tapp’s second album. By then, Tapp was known by his stage name Soulja Slim, which he took when he dropped the name Magnolia Slim.
Soulja Slim remained friends with C-Murder, but he had a serious business dispute with Master-P, who, Slim thought, cheated him out of his fair split from the album. In discussing how he felt about settling his legal matters with Master-P, Slim reportedly told a rap magazine reporter, “I got some paperwork where I could try to go to war, but I ain’t no nigga to go to court.... You heard me? I get it in blood, nigga” [In Ebonics, nigga means
good guy.l
Soulja Slim’s music was in the “Dirty South gangsta rap” style, meaning it was laced with the vilest profanity and related the sickest tales of gang violence. His defenders now say he was just a guy going straight after getting out of prison and
trying to alert youth to the violence in the ghetto.
Despite low sales of his music, Souja Slim was living an affluent life. He bought his mother a two-story house and catted around in a gray Cadillac Escalade SUV. He was on top of the world.
Police now say that Soulja Slim remains a prime suspect in the drug-related murder of Robert Lee Paige, 30, which occurred in September 2003. Someone shot Paige, tied cinder blocks to his body, and threw him in the lagoon in City Park.
That is only one of the shootings that the police suspect Soulja Slim was involved in.
Slim’s friends claim that he didn’t have any enemies; he was a law-abiding citizen, and someone killed him out of jealousy.
On 26 November 2003 at about 5:45 p.m., Soulja Slim arrived at his mother’s house in his Cadillac. He got out and started strutting for the door. Someone shot him once in the chest and three times in the head. Soulja Slim bled to death on his mother’s lawn while his killer ran off and escaped.
Slim’s supporters immediately put out the story that firing four shots, rather than one shot, proved Slim was killed in anger by someone jealous.
The cops suspected it was a hit. A hit man often puts the first bullet into the large-target heart-lung area to knock down his prey. As the prey lies helpless, the hit man fires into the small-target head to make sure the prey is dead.
Police now suspect that Slim’s killer
was Garelle Smith and that Smith was paid $10,000 for the hit. Whether the hit was drug related or rap music industry related, the police haven’t said. Smith has not been charged with Slim’s murder.
Garelle Smith has been charged with the murder of another rapper named Spencer “Funk” Smith (no relation). Funk was sitting in a pickup on 11 December 2003, when two men walked up to him and blew him full of holes at pointblank range.
To police officers in many cities, the terms “rap group” and gang practically are synonymous. The groups’ products are drugs, violence, and music. Thus, each rap group is potentially an enemy of other rap groups.
After Soulja Slim’s murder, his “songs” rocketed to the top of the rap music charts. Fans of gangsta rap won’t buy the music of a performer until that performer proves he’s a real gangsta.
Of course, Soulja Slim’s mother and other supporters in New Orleans believe that Slim was a law-abiding guy who would have been a positive influence on youth. For many in the Black community, he has become the poster boy for nonviolence.
That is why the non-violence activists named the Soulja Slim Stop the Violence Festival after him. Rap performers, large and small, would have performed. Thousands of want-to-be stars and fans would have been in the audience. New Orleans police say that the festival’s promoters must come up with sufficient money to hire an army of police officers for security, otherwise no permit, y
tEhunDrrboll • c, 2004
(Thuiibribolt OrmnUrr 2004	9
Good cop in a life and death battle
Detective McKenzie Mattingly not guilty of killing drug dealer
in the May 2004 Thunderbolt, we brought you the story of Louisville, Kentucky, Police Detective McKenzie Mattingly.
We have now learned more details about what happened just before midnight on 3 January 2004.
Mattingly was with a group of officers seeking a particular drug gang in the ghetto. His comrades scattered out, leaving Mattingly as the decoy. He was sitting in a pickup waiting for the gang to arrive. He was supposed to buy powdered cocaine, and then his comrades would swarm in and arrest the gang.
At 11:45 p.m., Mattingly was approached by four Black men. That’s when his plan began to unravel. They weren’t the drug dealers that he was looking for. They were drug dealers all right, but their plan was to rob Mattingly.
As he tried to make a drug deal, the four began to get aggressive. Two tried to get in the passenger side door. They tried to steal his cell phone.
One of the thugs, Michael Newby, 19, grabbed his own T-shirt and pulled it up a bit as if threatening that he had a gun. Newby was outside the pickup as he and Mattingly, who was inside the pickup, wrestled over the money and the cocaine. Newby won the tug-of-war.
Mattingly jumped out of the pickup as Newby and his band of drug thieves ran off, or so Mattingly thought. Actually, only the three companions ran off. Newby was just outside the pickup picking up $20 bills that he had dropped during the wrestling match.
Mattingly pulled his pistol and held it at his side with his trigger finger outside the trigger guard. He repeatedly identified himself as a police officer and ordered Newby to surrender. Newby either didn't believe that Mattingly was a cop or didn’t care,
Newby closed in on Mattingly for a fight. Mattingly later testified, “Very quickly, he got this look in his eyes; he didn’t care. He was going to hurt me.”
Newby grabbed the gun and the two
Louisville Police Detective McKenzie Mattingly survived a would-be cop killer. He was tried for murdering his would-be killer. He still faces a hard fight to get his badge back.
1
fought over it. Mattingly later testified, “I thought, ‘This is bad;”’ Mattingly was losing the wresting match.
Newby pulled the trigger and the gun exploded downwards. “I thought, ‘He just shot me with my own gun.’” Actually, he had not been shot.
Mattingly bought his other hand into the battle and began to overpower Newby.
Newby broke free and ran toward a nearby liquor store. He was running clumsily, as if he was trying to do something. Mattingly says Newby was reaching for his waistband.
Mattingly’s partner had arrived and was also yelling at Newby. But Mattingly didn’t hear him as he was totally focused
on Newby.
Ma.i	fired three shots into
Newb	killing him. When the
detectives tur «ied Newby over, they found a .45-caliber semiautomatic pistol in his
paraphernalia on him.
That should have been the end of it. except for a ceremony to give Mattingly
an award for heroism.	.	M	v
We covered	the	aftermath	mtte	May
2004 issue. In short. Blacks noted at the police .tation and damaged »•
Louisville’s Black police chief, R0ben White, and Jewish mayor, Jerrv Abramson, refused to take any action against the rioters; there were no arrests The aftershocks were felt for weeks.
Chief White fired Detective Mattingly. Prosecutors indicted jMattingly for murder and wanton end: lgerment. The murder charge also indue d first-or second-degree manslaughter at d reckless homicide. The wanton endangerment charge alleged that Mattingly endangered ghetto dwellers at the liquor store, which was in the general direction that Mattingly fired. He didn’t hit or come close to hitting any of them.
Mattingly was tried in September 2004 for eight grueling days. The entire trial was a joke from the beginning.
The facts came out as above, and Mattingly testified for two hours.
The prosecution was brutal, but in their final argument they actually admitted that Mattingly wasn’t guilty of murder as charged. However, the prosecutor begged the jury to find Mattingly guilty of a lesser charge.
The jury of 10 Whites and two Blacks had a hard time sorting through the complexities of the lesser and included charges. After eight hours, the verdict came in: not guilty of any of the murder, manslaughter, or reckless homicide charges. The jury hung on the wanton endangerment charge.
The Newby crowd in the courtroom became hysterical and hostile. They refused to stand when the judge asked them to stand so that the jury could leave the room. Rather than slapping them with contempt of court, the judge simply ignored them.
Outside, as Newby’s stepfather, Jerry Bouggess, got into a vehicle, he called out, “Black people beware. They're murderers out there!” Other Blacks screamed.
justil
fight
Poli
ce Chief While says he was >cd in firing Mattingly, and he will Mtingly s attempt to be reinstated.
That is the way heroic White cops /ho fight deadly battles to preserve peace i Black neighborhoods are treated, y
	
i i t§ ' v ||3j	
	
ispi y ik	
Hjkgl	
	■y1
Police Chief Robert White turned his back on Detective Mattingly and showed other officers that Chief White is not loyal to his own men.
McKenzie Mattingly gets a hug from his wife. Families must share the persecution that officers face. Now she must live with the fear that McKenzie or another officer will be killed in retaliation.
Gresham’s Law applied to law enforcement: Bad cops drive out good cops.
Michael Newby, killed by a police officer,
3 January 2004.
Newby's friend, Lamar Fuller, says the cop was wrong
Michael Newby’s family and friends say he was not a drug dealer, and he was a really fun and jovial guy. They say Mike is the kind of guy who, when you’re talking to him, just jumps up and starts dancing with himself. An unemployed high school drop out, he planned to get a G.
E. D. and a job, but he never did. He even planned to become a veterinarian. Newby also planned a career in music. They called him “Li’l Mike.”
He had only two arrests. In one incident he was arrested for carrying a .380 semi-automatic. He received a 45-day suspended sentence.
His other arrest was for disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, and assault on a police officer. He was fined $120.50 and given another 45-day suspended sentence. He never paid the fine.
Newby’s family says his death in a police shooting is murder. His friends agree. Lamar Fuller, pit ired left, says “Getting his GED, that was his [Newby’s;k	Year’s
resolution. ... The cops took that away from days into the New Year.” Chaz Johnson sayv “ They had no reason to shoot him. He wasn’t doing nothing nmoh j ... I think they was wrong for shooting him in his has k like that.” James Russell says, “It’s just a sad situation for a fine individual,” Russell says. “A fine young man whose life was snuffed out just like that and I just hale it. ... We don’t even want them in our neighborhood. We don’t want the police in our neighborhood they disrespect us a lot.”
McKenzie G. Mattingly, 31, comes from a family of hard workers.
He worked part time in high school. Mattingly wanted to become a Deputy Sheriff. A White man that wants to be hired by a good law enforcement department must take the long route of first going into the military and then starting with a small department.
After high school, Mattingly joined the Marines, rose to the rank of sergeant, and was honorably discharged after four years.
He joined the Bardstown police department in 1996. In 1997 a dangerous drunk fired at Mattingly and his partner from a car. Both officers returned fire. Mattingly fired 12 rounds in a couple of seconds. The drunk wasn’t injured and was convicted for his attack. Mattingly had an excellent record with the Bardstown police.
In 2000, McKenzie Mattingly finally achieved his goal when he was hired by the Jefferson County Police Department. He had an excellent record with Jefferson County.
The Jefferson County force was merged into the Louisville Metro Police Department on 3 January 2003. Ir his short tenure with the Louisville . c he has had nine commend-itions and one reprimand. The re-Iprimand was for cussing at a subject. One of his commendations was for single-handedly arresting five dangerous members of an interstate drug gang.
Mattingly is married.
(Eliutibrrboll * %'j 2004
QTluiiibrrbolt December 2004	“|
cag

Two cops vs. civilians incidents: Judge for yourself
Incident 1: On Tuesday, 16 September 2004, residents were holding a Hands Across the District peace rally in Chicago’s South Side. It was one of those street-corner events where preachers and politicians from the indigenous population join with police and talk about stopping violence. Several hundred local residents were there.
While the politicians were giving speeches about stopping Black-on-Black violence and cooperating with the police, there was an assault in the crowd. Police were busy separating several men involved in that fight. Suddenly, Norman Shipp, who was not involved in the fight, screamed “F*** the police.” [That ended the cooperation with the police.]
Police handcuffed Shipp and did a check to see if he had any outstanding warrants. After he had calmed down, they released him, “which is when a crowd started throwing rocks at the police and their squad car,” said Chicago Police Department spokesman Pat Camden.
Several officers were hit. Spokesman Camden said the crowd was “punching and kicking” the officers, and, “One of the offenders hit the officer in the face with a brick.... The officers called for help and used pepper spray.” One officer suffered a bloody nose and broken glasses.
Officers arrested Shipp, Karine Manuel (a female, 37), and four juveniles. Three of the juveniles were children of Karine Manuel. Charges against those arrested include aggravated battery, obstructing justice, and mob action.
The above is the police version. The Blacks in the crowd tell a different story. Karine Manuel’s brother, Gerald Manuel, claimed the cops used excessive force on the mob. He said, “My 14-year-old nephew needed three stitches in his head after the police hit him with a baton. ... Hundreds of neighbors were out here. They saw what really happened.”
Greg Harrington, apparently another brother of Karine Manuel, said the cops detained his 15-year-old niece for throwing rocks. When her brothers and
mother tried to intervene to free her, the cops wrongly arrested them. He said, “When my nephew, who probably weighs about 95 pounds, came running over, another police officer pulled a stick out and put a gash upside his head. ... They hit him so hard he woke up in a squad car. Then his other brother came over there, and police officers sprayed him in the face with Mace. He’s 13. ... People were in an uproar.... By the time I got to the police station, there were hundreds of people out there.”
As Mr. Harrington stated, an angry Black mob did march on the local police station and demand justice and an investigation. The police involved will be investigated by the police Office of Professional Standards.
There are two faces to the Black mass. The media shows you the face with a few politicians, preachers, and fat women praying and calling for an end to violence.
The face that the media hides is the true face, an irrational mob that can turn violent at a moment’s notice and for little reason.
Incident 2: That same evening, another incident occurred. Police arrested a young Black male for unlawful use of a weapon in one of the projects. The police are being mum on the incident, but spokesman Camden suggested that the arrestee is suspected of firing “three shots at a police officer.”
We have only the Blacks’ side of it; so we’ll present their version and you can judge its veracity.
Kenyonda Bradley relates, “It started with a young guy that was handcuffed in the back seat of the police car. Two police officers got inside the back of the car and started beating him up as he was handcuffed. Everybody saw that. People started yelling that’s not right and tried to write down their badge numbers. But the cops were coming up snatching the papers out of our hands. Then the sister to the guy who was arrested came out and she was pregnant. They beat her up with billy clubs.”
The residents of the projects were calling TV stations and demanding that they send camera crews, but no one came. [Maybe this happens too often to be newsworthy; perhaps they hide this kind of news; maybe they don’t want their vans overturned and camera crews beaten up.] One resident reportedly s id, “We couldn’t get a TV camera to rame out here. We were calling the new stations before police invaded the com; ex. But nobody would come out becaus e we are poor people. There had to be at least 50 squad cars out here.”
Whatever kind of civilian vs. police battle was occurring outside, it led some of the officers to pursue civilians into apartments.
Darius Prince claims, “They banged on my door, and I thought it was my wife. My sister-in-law opened up the door and everybody came in with guns pointed. A police officer grabbed me, threw me down, and pressed a gun to the back of my head.... It was totally out of control They didn’t have to point guns at youn£ children who never would have done anything to them. My 4-year-old son was in a state of shock. He was in the comer shaking. Is this proper police procedure to put guns on children?”
The initial police report from this second “incident” is 41 pages long, and there will be an investigation.
What do you think? Do the residents of the South Side expect us to believe their versions? One thing for sure, they believe them. Tales of police brutality race through the ghetto and to Black radio stations.
Do Blacks really want to “end the violence,” “cooperate with police,” and “get guns and drugs off the street”? That’s what they say, but their behavior is exactly the opposite.
The truth is that most of them are too stupid to know what they want. Black preachers and politicians who give speeches are like coyotes howling at the moon. Coyotes have no idea why they are howling. It’s just an instinctive activity that they do before their other instincts tell these predators to go find another helpless victim. M
12 Hiunbrrbolt Drrrmbrr 2004
iT 2004 • QTliiiiibri-bolt
Why are cops hated in some neighborhoods?
Athens, Georgia,
Pauldoe project
Recent police-related incidents at a housing project in Athens, Georgia, shed light on the nature of the project’s residents and non-residents who congregate there.
4 July 2004: Residents of the Pauldoe housing complex called in a noise complaint about a late-night raucous party going on in the street. The project has only 150 apartments.
The first arriving officer was greeted with a barrage of cans of beer, rocks, and fireworks. The officer roared out of the complex to a nearby shopping center and waited for reinforcements.
Knowing that a riot was possible, Athens-Clarke police swarmed in. A show of force often causes crowds to flee. The crowd scattered as the mass of cruisers entered with their public address systems demanding that partiers leave the project or go into their apartments.
18 September 2004: Officer Marty Rose was on routine patrol on a street beside the Pauldoe housing project.
Athens-Clarke police officers are used to rocks being thrown at their cars, but they do try to discourage the indigenous population from throwing rocks.
As Officer Rose was approaching a group of aimless young men loitering near the street, a rock landed in front of his police cruiser. As Rose was getting out of his cruiser to talk to the men, he was hit square in the mouth by a fist-sized rock.
Suddenly, his car was bombarded by large rocks coming from at least two directions. The windshield was shattered and there was extensive body damage to both sides of the cruiser. It was an ambush by Stone-Age men.
Though his mouth was cut and bleeding and he had some broken teeth. Rose chased the youths on foot but was not able to catch any. After being released from the hospital. Rose was off work for
five days.
23 September 2004: Athens-Clarke
police conducted a major "swarming” of
the Pauldoe project to, as in the words of police lieutenant Mike Hunsinger, “take back the neighborhood.”
Police established a temporary roadblock, stopped 60 vehicles, and arrested nine people.
Arrests are easy to make at Pauldoe because most of the legal residents of the project are welfare women and their children. Women without support from the fathers of their children are the primary group that is eligible to live in the projects. Men who have been arrested at Pauldoe for “domestic violence,” drug dealing, or other crimes are ordered by the court not to be there. Thus, when the men come back for the women and their money, they are guilty of criminal trespass.
While the arrests were going on, a group of juveniles were standing in the road. An officer picked up his cruiser’s public address microphone and asked them to please get out of the street.
A 15-year-old boy stood in the middle of the roadway and, using very impolite words, told the officers to leave his neighborhood.
That set off the crowd of onlookers who began yelling and swearing. Police arrested the boy, finished their field writeups, and in an orderly manner retreated from the project.
28 September: At 9:25 p.m., a police officer in his cruiser was entering the Pauldoe project. He saw a man 350 feet from him who screamed at the top of his lungs “twelve!”Twelve is the local ghetto code for “the cops are here.” [“Twelve” may come from police 10-codes, which are different in different jurisdictions. “10-12” can mean “standby,” “visitors are present,” or a number of other things.]
Because the officer had his windows rolled up and the man was so far away, the officer gave the man a ticket for a noise violation.
At 10:15 p.m., a man drove into the complex driving a white van that is identical to the white vans (hat Savannah officers sometimes drive. A person or Persons between two of the project’s wildings opened fire on the van. One U et entered the driver’s door, grazed
the man’s leg, and hit the passenger’s door.
Insurrection: On a small scale, police operations to control ghetto areas remind us of our army’s operations against insurgents in Iraq.
Police officers are not welcome in the ghetto primarily because many residents of the ghetto are criminals. Many of them are doing something illegal, in possession of something illegal, have outstanding warrants for something illegal, or are on parole.
Residents that are not criminals have friends and family members that are criminals. The police are not welcome.
Residents claim that the cops come to harass them. Cops claim otherwise, and the truth depends on your definition of harass.
One thing that police patrols try to do is breakup groups of people hanging out on the sidewalks. Often a group consists of a drug dealer or two shuckin’ and jivin’ with their friends while they wait for customers. This congregating is against the law in most cities that have ghetto areas.
Another thing that the police do is look for wanted criminals. When officers are driving slowly toward a group of men standing on the street, often one or two of the men break from the group and run like the devil is chasing them. Officers can chase down these men and make arrests.
In your neighborhood, probably you rarely see a police car. But in the ghetto, police cruisers come by often, sometimes every few minutes. If every time one came by, you had to run around the corner or hide in the bushes, wouldn’t you feel harassed? No one feels more harassed than a criminal. Criminals act paranoid because every cop is out to get them.
You and your neighbors probably are totally irrelevant to the police. A police officer's world only consists of complainants and criminals. There are few of either of these in your neighborhood. In Black and Hispanic neighborhoods (especially in government projects), almost everyone is a complainant or a criminal.S
Death by illegal: Fourth-generation cop’s last patrol
Marion County, Ohio, Deputy Brandon “Brandy” Lyn Winfield, 29, was one of three deputies on patrol in Marion County, Illinois, on the morning of 14 October 2004.
At 3:59 a.m., a motorist called 9-1-1 on a cell phone and reported that a White van was disabled on Route 423.
Deputy Winfield responded and found an abandoned 1993 white Chevrolet minivan at 4:43. Dispatch radioed him that two men had left the Duke and Duchess service station with a can of gas. Winfield headed in their direction. It was just another routine call to assist a stranded motorist.
He found two men carrying a can and stopped to assist. He asked for their identification and called it into dispatch, which is routine procedure.
Deputy Winfield did not answer repeated return calls from dispatch. Other deputies were sent to the location.
The white van was parked half way in the road, and one arriving deputy had to swerve to miss it. The deputies spotted guardrail damage and quickly discovered that Deputy Winfield’s cruiser had scraped the guardrail, flipped over it, and landed upside down in a ravine. They ran down into the ravine to see if Winfield was OK.
They found him dead, shot in the head. It was 5:03 a.m.
When they climbed back up to the road, the white van was gone.
Dispatch sent out an alert for the
minivan, and it was located at about 6:00 a.m. Its occupants had apparently run out of gas again. They were spotted walking with a gas can.
One man, who police will not identify, was captured and jailed. We know only that he is an illegal alien and that he probably was not the shooter.
The other occupant, believed to be the shooter, escaped into the woods. A massive manhunt failed to find him. Police say he is Juan C. Cruz, 20, who is an immigration law violator.
Roads were blocked; schools in the area remained locked down. No child could leave without an escort.
The following night at 8:55 p.m., deputies responded to a call that a man was trying to break into an apartment in the area. When they arrived, they found two men inside in a vicious fight. When the deputies tried to pull them apart, the two men attacked the deputies.
One of the men was Mariano Cortez, 38, and the other was Juan C. Cruz. Both men were arrested for assaulting the officers. Cruz was later charged with aggravated murder for the killing of Deputy Winfield, y
You must hold President Bush, John Kerry and all other politicians responsible for turning Juan C. Cruz loose in our land.
Deputy Brandy Winfield tands above his father, Rick, and his b other, Cory, who are Marion, Illinois, police officers.
Brandy occasionally wore his grandfather’s deputy badge while on duty.
Below is Brandy with one of his sons, who is wearing Brandy’s uniform. If the boy follows family tradition, he will be fifth-generation law enforcement. The boy will face invading waves of “Hispanics.” It happened on your watch.
Juan C. Cruz, 20, had previous arrests for rape, kidnapping, assault, and drugs. In addition to the murder of Deputy Winfield, he is charged with felonious assault for beating up a woman.
Left: Deputy Winfield’s cruiser lying in a ravine. You can see the guardrail in the lower left-hand corner. Right: officers, prosecutors, and others watch a crane extract the cruiser and load it onto a truck. Winfield had stopped to help two illegals who had run out of gas.
Small town cops attacked by mob
Gunman yells, “I ain’t going back to jail,” then fires pistol at small town officer
Maysville, North Carolina, population 892, is in a very rural area about 20 miles from the Atlantic Ocean. The police force is all-White; some of the residents are Black.
On 1 October 2004 at 11:40 p.m., two officers were on routine patrol and approaching a comer known for crack cocaine and other drug trafficking. They spotted a group of young men. One of the men had apparently taken off his coat and covered a stop sign.
The officers got out to ask the men about the coat on the sign. Officer Carl Baugus reached to remove the coat when he was attacked by one of the men. The man took Baugus’ flashlight and beat him ith it. The rest of the mob jumped on he two officers.
Officer Michael Polley was sprayed repeatedly in the face with his own mace, beaten and kicked in the head.
Officer Baugus got the worst of it. When they got him to the hospital, doctors found two broken ribs, one of which had punctured a lung.
Todd Hill was arrested for the attack
and charged with several misdemeanors. His bond was set at only $1,000, and he quickly bonded out. He says the police routinely harass Blacks.
The police are looking for Nakemechi Davenport with a warrant that includes four felonies. At least one of the other attackers has been identified and is
sought.
)ne of the local Blacks, identified as Don, told the media “Police lily, that’s what that was.... We like ct, too; we’re not animals. ... They just outside drinking beer. Meanwhile, Carl Baugus lies in the nal hospital with a lube in h.s side , siphoning blood from his let! lung. JS four children.
jraw your own conclusions as to ,ier or not they arc animals. X
On 8 October 2004, a Wagener, South Carolina, cop was on routine patrol when he spotted a white Camaro. Wagener is a town of 741 in the middle of nowhere in southwestern South Carolina.
The officer suspected that a man wanted for questioning about a pistol whipping was in the car. He was, and so was Kevin Bernard, 32, from Detroit. The police were not looking for Bernard and had no interest in him.
Ordinarily the cops can’t just pull a vehicle over to look for thugs. They must find an excuse.
At 8:30 p.m. when the driver failed to signal a turn, the officer pulled the vehicle over. Undoubtedly knowing this wasn’t a routine traffic stop, another
officer pulled up.
Bernard jumped out of the car, yelled that he wasn’t going back to jail, and shot at the first officer. Both officers fired
back, but Bernard escaped. No one was injured.
In rural South Carolina, the cops take being shot at pretty seriously. Within minutes, 40 officers from numerous small agencies were looking for Bernard.
They went door to door, had bloodhounds baying in the woods, and even had a helicopter circling.
Bernard went to a trailer home and
abivcu iuac

piivsiiw. lit, lUtNCU
in the bathroom with a portable phor Seeing and hearing the commotion fre police in the neighborhood, the resider ran outside and talked to the officers.
Officers surrounded the trailer a finally at midnight Bernard surrenders
Even after (hev n« r»
« mey arrested Bernai
they cou I cm t imn,,. ~tl, . , .
7 D	gure out why he decid
to run. But you c-»n k~. ,t
.u VT. dn bet they w searching the FBI’*i	.
, ih,. rw ■. database and lalkii to the Detroit cops to find out. Bernard ivui k
Wagener for Severn?	Ur°U'
locals said he Spp,! ? mhs’ and 11
lcd like a nice guy. Ni
Kevin Bernard, 32
guys like Bernard can explode into animalistic violence in an instant.
The two officers finished their reports and went back on patrol. In rural areas, they can’t afford nonsense like administrative leave just because an officer is involved in a gun battle./^
Why cops & schools?
Thunderbolt focuses on race. Two groups that encounter minorities every day are police and teachers.
Most Whites are insulated from minorities because they live in White neighborhoods and work in mostly White establishments.
There are exceptions. Whites who work in convenience stores or as pizza deliverers are on the front line.
I did not list taxi drivers because very few Whites will do that very dangerous job. Many urban taxi drivers, especially at night, are immigrant Blacks and Arabs.
To really understand the nature of non-Whites, you must put yourself in the place ol a convenience store clerk, cop, student or teacher. Whether they will admit it or not, they face possible attack Irom the next minority they meet.
The people who are being attacked are yom kinsmen, and it is getting worse. It is your duty to look out for them and for future generations. M'
Qriiiiiibcrbolt o
f ciMubcr 2004	15
Courtroom foreign-language interpreters
A judge in Conyers, Georgia, is going to add another round of hearings to criminal trials. This round will determine if a defendant who claims that he cannot speak English really can speak it.
He cited a case with three Vietnamese defendants in which the court had to hire four interpreters just for one 30-minute hearing at a total cost of $500.
Of course, the new hearing will cost the time of a judge, court recorder, bailiff, public defenders, prosecutors, etc. The judge’s “solution” hardly solves the problem.
What is your solution? Do you think men like Bush or Kerry will support your solution? If not. how can your solution be implemented? y
Mexicans caught near Canadian border
Sault Ste. Marie is in upper Michigan, just across the bridge from Canada. Border Patrol agents are stationed there to keep illegals from slipping across the border into the U.S.
On 6 October 2004, Border Patrol agents stopped a pickup truck carrying four men. Three were illegal aliens from Mexico. The fourth man was released.
One illegals was Juan Aguilar-Betancourt, 36. His name was run through the new fingerprint system. He is believed to be a man sentenced to 30 years in prison for aggravated sexual assault, which is a euphemism for brutal rapist.
He was sentenced to the 30 years in Cook County, Illinois, on 21 June 1991. Some criminal judge let this convicted criminal out on bond awaiting some legal rigmarole, and he jumped bail. Judges aren’t supposed to let people have bond who are likely to escape. Illegal aliens are always likely to escape.
The convicted rapist had been wandering around in the Northern U.S. for 13 years, y
Phoenix’s puro Mexican used car dealers
Illegal alien smugglers and drug traffickers were losing hundreds of vehicles to confiscation by the Border Patrol and Arizona law enforcement, both of which have the right to seize property used in smuggling.
The smugglers began “buying” used vehicles from Phoenix used-car dealers. They paid money to the dealer, who kept a fake lien on the vehicle. The smuggler bought the vehicle under a fictitious name.
It was better than stealing vehicles because the vehicles from the dealers were legal and untraceable except back to a seemingly-legal dealer.
Whenever law enforcement confiscated one of these vehicles, the used-car dealer was able to take it back because he, the lien holder, was legally still owner.
The dealer would recycle the vehicle by “selling” it back to a smuggler.
Eventually, even the gringo authorities figured out what was going on.
In June and July 2004, police set up stings in Phoenix. They busted and closed 11 used-car dealers, arrested 21 men, and confiscated 400 vehicles.
Local Hispanics are upset and feel the dealers were profiled and targeted because they had Mexican names. One complainer said all 11 dealerships had “puro Mexican" (pure Mexican) names.
The complainers were dead wrong. The police knew who the suspect dealers were to start with because they had traced smugglers’ vehicles back to them.
The Hispanic Automobile Dealers Association was quick to announce classes to teach Mexican dealers how to avoid being arrested.
This little story gives us a tiny glimpse into the smuggling infrastructure, whk h employs hundreds of thousands of immigrants and Mexican-Americans.
The Politically Correct claim that “Hispanics” who are employed in the U.S. are all employed in legitimate business is absurd.y
Another immigration poll
An October 2004 media poll conducted in North and South Carolina shows 80% of Carolinians oppose any loosening of restrictions on immigration. The Carolinas Poll showed that women were even more strongly against immigration than men.
Every poll shows the same ting, yet politicians do the opposite. The lolitical system in the U.S. is totally comipt.y
Mexican journalists
Recently there have been a number of murders and attempted murders of Mexican journalists on their side of the border. Journalists who are critical of the police or of drug traffickers are the targets. The various police forces ir Mexico are little more than official gangs.
1997: Jesus Blancomelas, editor of the Tijuana newspaper Zeta, survived in his SUV when it was riddled with bullets.
1998: Hector Felix Miranda, co-founder of Zeta, was murdered by gunfire as he drove to work.
2004, March: Roberto Mora, a newspaper editor with El Manana, in Nuevo Laredo, was stabbed to death. Police quickly arrested a neighbor. The neighbor was murdered in jail. It looks like a classic crooked-cop hit.
2004, June: Francisco Ortiz Franco, Zeta co-editor, was riddled with bullets in Tijuana. His two young boys saw the slaughter, which was likely done bv the Arellano Felix drug gang or allied police officers.
2004, September: Francisco Arratia Saldierna, 55, a syndicated columnist, was kidnapped. His assailants tortured him to death by breaking his bones. They boldly dumped his body in front of the Red Cross office as a message.
Mexican culture is coming to the U.S. Do you welcome it?y
16 tTlluiibrrboll December 2004
© 2004 • GTlmiibn bolt
immigration - they just come here to work
Videotaping skyscrapers
Kamran Akhtar from Pakistan was traveling through the South taking videos of tall buildings, mass public transportation facilities, and even a dam.
On 20 July 2004, a cop in Charlotte, North Carolina, spotted him taking a video of a tall building. The cop immediately thought “possible terrorist.”
Akhtar was detained and eventually charged with immigration violations. These include: failing to leave the U.S. when ordered to, making false statements to Federal authorities, and possessing false identification.
It appears that the FBI can’t prove that Akhtar is anything but a video buff who likes to take images of buildings.
One interesting thing about this case s that he was ordered to leave the U.S. in 998 but never did. Apparently he got by or six years on his fake identification. He only got caught because he appeared to be Middle Eastern and was videotaping skyscrapers. There are probably millions like him.
Akhtar pleaded innocent to the charges and demanded a jury trial.
Then on 7 October 2004, Akhtar’s lawyer said Akhtar would plead guilty to three immigration charges including failure to leave the U.S. when ordered to do so, having false identification, and lying to authorities.
He is to serve up to six months but will get credit for the 2Vi months that he has already served. Then he will be deported to Pakistan.
This is a mere slap on the wrist and is further evidence that your government is not serious about the illegal-alien problem, y
Two-thirds of U.S. citizens want the army to patrol the border. If this is a democracy, why have the politicians prevented it? Who rules America?
Mixtec infects 56 with TB
Feliciano Morelos is a Mixtec Indian from Oaxaca, Mexico; he is an illegal alien.
During the spring of 2003, health authorities and police in Santa Maria, California, pursued Morelos because he was a highly-contagious tuberculosis carrier. By law, he had to go into quarantine. Twice police put him in health facilities, and twice he escaped.
In March of 2004, Morelos finally was caught in a routine traffic stop; the officer took him to jail because he had an outstanding criminal warrant. He was kept in isolation in jail and given the necessary medicine to cure his infectious tuberculosis.
On 4 October 2004, Morelos completed the 180-day program and was declared cured by health officials; although they say he could suffer a relapse. Morelos faces deportation because he is an illegal alien and a convicted criminal. He bragged to the media that he would be back in the U.S. quickly.
Health authorities say he was a one-man epidemic, infecting at least 56 people. Fortunately, the strain of tuberculosis he had is curable with the 180-day program.
The public health care cost of illegal aliens is very high, as is the cost to keep hundreds of thousands of them in jails and prisons. Is it worth a 50-per-pound savings on your broccoli or strawberries to keep criminals and disease carriers in the U.S.?
To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico, y
Quaint Chula Vista fiesta
During the evening of 16 March
2003,	Mexicans and Mexican-Americans were enjoying a quaint evening of Mexican culture at the El Torito restaurant in Chula Vista, California.
There were several groups of festive Latinos attending, including the Arturo Almaraz party and the party of Carlos Velazquez (a Mexican citizen), which included Jesus Bahena.
The fiesta continued until about 1 a.m., when a bold caballero from one party asked a lovely senorita from the other party to dance.
The reply was angry words from the males of the lovely senorita s party. Soon both groups were arguing, cursing, and swearing. This led to pushing, fighting, and a full-blown riot including battling with broken beer bottles.
Numerous large vaqueros working for the quaint restaurant threw all the fighters out into the parking lot. The fight continued until, according to police, Carlos Velazquez, 27, drew his semiautomatic pistola and, with a single bullet, sent Senor Arturo Almaraz on a permanent visit to the Virgin of Guadalupe.
Carlos Velazquez was arrested for murder and is facing trial in October
2004.	However, the witnesses are so terrified that they have been locked in jail to ensure that they show up for court. Even then, several say they will not testify for fear of certain death.
In fact, Jesus Bahena is already serving two years in prison for threatening a witness in this case.
I hope the celebrants at the El Torito got to break the Pinata and got the candy and little toys before the fiesta ended. Aren’t you glad Mexican culture is coming to the U.S.?y
D/a De La Raza is what many “Hispanics" celebrate on Columbus Day. It means “day of the race" a celebration of the pre-Columbian race that we now call Indians. Indians and half-reeds from Chile to Alaska want to replace Columbus Day with their racial holiday, D/a De La Raza.

bolt
2004
me he

Ridge puts Mexican trucks in the fast lane
Do you trust this man when he says he will protect our borders?
On 27 September 2004, Tom Ridge, Secretary of Homeland Security, was in the corrupt U.S. border town of Nogales, Arizona, to announce special fast lanes so that Mexican trucks can race across our border with an absolute minimum of delay. Currently, the Mexican trucks must go through an inspection, which sometimes delays them an hour or even two.
Ridge had glowing praise for a cabal of businesses that donated a total of $1.2 million to help construct the new traffic lanes. That much money won’t even cover a fraction of the cost. In fact. Ridge wasted more than $1.2 million in taxpayer dollars just to take his to entourage down there on an Air Force plane to accept the miserly donation.
Ridge said that no additional illegals or contraband would get in on the new lanes because he was “using risk-management principles, supply chain security, industry partnership, and advanced technology.” That kind of gobbledygook may impress some pickaninny who just fell off the cotton wagon, but it is just worthless political noise.
Your politicians are not only allowing illegals and drugs to flow in, but also they are deliberately facilitating their movement into the U.S. V
Mexican vs. Jew riot
Over the weekend of 18 and 19 September 2004, Mexicans and “Russians” battled in the Santa Cruz County jail in Nogales, Arizona. [“Russian” criminals in the U.S. are almost always Jews from the former Soviet Union.]
Tensions continued to increase until the afternoon of 20 September when the Mexicans rose in revolt against prison authorities. Jail guards were able to isolate the revolt to one cell block.
The prisoners flooded their cell block with water, destroyed security cameras, and cursed and threw objects at jail guards.
As guards shut off the main water valve, they called for all available backup from local, state, and Federal officers. Within minutes, the jail’s parking lot was packed with vehicles from the Border Patrol, state police, county sheriff’s office, city police, U.S. Customs Service, and the even the Nogales Fire Department.
All officers were forced to surrender their firearms as they rushed in the door. [Shooting prisoners during a violent revolt is forbidden.] However, the mass of baton-carrying officers and their snarling police dogs caused the almost instant surrender of the mob.y
Sort this one out
Drunk illegal kills 8-year-old girl
On 2 May 2004, little Amber Merkl, 8, was riding with her family in the back of their SUV.
A vehicle smashed into the rear end of the SUV and killed Amber.
Police say the vehicle was driven by an illegal alien named Arturo Lupian, who was drunk at the time.
Lupian claims to be a construction worker, but like most Mexicans he has a genetic weakness for alcohol. Fully 90% of Mexicans are full-blooded or half-breed Indians.y
On 30 September 2004, police in Tucson, Arizona, raced to a residence. A woman there had managed to barricade herself in a locked room, call the police, and report a home invasion.
As police arrived, suspects were seen running in every direction, but the police couldn’t catch any of them. Police vere standing outside talking to a witness! and deciding whether it was safe to ent- r the house.
Suddenly, they received hostile shotgun fire from the direction of the house. Officer Lawrence Jones, 24, received a minor grazing wound in the arm.
Still unsure of the circumstances in the house, a police SWAT team surrounded it, prepared for a standoff, and began trying to negotiate.
Police eventually discovered Joseph Ramirez, 48, hiding behind air-conditioning ductwork on the roof of the house. Sehor Ramirez was naked except for the shotgun in his hands. He surrendered.
He claimed that he was a victim in the home invasion and that the invaders made him take off all his clothes. Why he climbed on the roof and fired the shotgun in the direction of five police officers isn’t clear.
Paraphernalia found in the house suggests it may have been a drug den or a drug trafficking distribution point.
In addition to five counts of aggravated assault with a firearm on a police officer, Ramirez will be charged with unlawful possession a firearm. Although the police wouldn’t say why he is ineligible to possess a firearm, the most common reasons are prior felony conviction, prior mental incapacitation, and being an illegal alien.y
II

OkJ 1/
A Qr ygy ZX
W Pf Pf Pf Pf P? Pf PS pf
C 2004 * QTIhi itberbolt
blame us ' Mexican k>ller
Edward “shy boy” Gutierrez
I sard "shy boy” Gutierrez came to I S. an illegal alien with his parents from Mexico.
In Los Angeles, he became a gang member and somehow obtained permanent residency.
1993: Among his crimes was an armed robbery, for which in 1993 he was sentenced to 15 years in a California prison.
14 August 2001: Gutierrez was released from prison after serving eight years. He was deported to Mexico.
13 November 2002: Gutierrez was again deported. Your politicians tell you that if an illegal reenters he gets a long prison sentence. That is an outright lie. Gutierrez was a dangerous, convicted felon who reentered. He wasn't punished.
November 2002: A few days after the 13 November deportation, Gutierrez again was captured for illegal entry. Again he was not punished. 1 le was sent back to Mexico.
Gutierrez was unable to return to the easy life in the U.S. Mexican police believe Gutierre/ started selling drugs in Tijuana.
I 3 September 2003: On the Mexican side, Ha|n police said that on that date, Gutierrez killed two in un apartment in a
Three plead guilty to ganr pe 0f a child
Ellensburg is a town of 12,000 in rural Washington State. In September 2004, three illegal aliens pleaded guilty to charges stemming from their gang rape of a 14-year-old girl in Ellensburg on 17 September 2003.
The men’s prison sentences will vary from nine months to 38 months. After that, they must register as sex offenders. However, if the Feds don t make their usual errors, the three will be deported upon release from prison.
These are just the kinds of reprobates that politicians like Bush, Kerry, and McCain welcome to the U.S. Our politicians praise the Mexican culture that the illegals bring to the U.S. Culture is the product of a people, gang rape and child rape are an inherent part of Mexican culture. H
fight over a pair of tennis shoes. One of the dead was a female named Angela Yudid. and the other was a Mexican who had also been an illegal-alien convicted-criminal gang member who was deported from LA.
Gutierrez now sits in a Mexican jail waiting to be tried for the murders.
The Mexicans blame us for Gutierrez. They claim that we are dumping our problems on them.
Gutierrez's case isn't an isolated one. About 10,000 criminals are deported to Mexico from California each year. The state of California is holding 18,500 aliens in prison who will be deported on release.
The U.S. deported about 78.000 criminals lust year. And those are just the ones who got caught, got convicted, and huve already been released In A line of 7X,()()() so miles long, #
rom prison, legals would he about
■Hi
Criminals with records among illegal aliens
At 9 a.m. on 8 September 2004. Border Patrol agents captured 10 illegals near Nolia, Arizona. One of them, Luis Orellano-Montano of El Salvador, turned out to be a child rapist wanted for parole violation in Texas. [Why is an illegal-alien child rapist paroled?]
The next day at 10 a.m., they
W	W	W
captured Andres Miguel-Pedro of Guatemala near Nolia. Sehor Miguel-Pedro is wanted lor rape in Florida.
I'he Border Patrol said thev caught
W	CP
12.535 illegals w ith criminal records last year just in the Tucson sector. If four out ol live illegals slip through, that means that nearly 50,000 known criminals slip m each year just in the Tucson sector.
These are just the illegals with criminal records in the U.S. Many illegals have criminal records m their home country They come to the ITS. to avoid prosecution. #
Immigration - they just come here to work
Safety check of Mexican
If
vehicle nets 200 pounds of cocaine
At 8:45 p.m. on 29 September 2004, an Ohio state trooper on routine patrol on the Ohio Turnpike in Maumee spotted a 2000 Ford Excursion traveling east with a bumed-out tail light.
He pulled the vehicle over to talk to the driver. The trooper asked if he could search the vehicle. Reportedly the occupants confidently gave him permission. Troopers found $9 million dollars worth of cocaine (200 pounds) in a hidden compartment.
Police arrested Erika Sanchez-Lopez, 23, of Mexico and her passenger Reuben Marin, 45, of Tucson, Arizona. The troopers believe the two were moving the cocaine from Chicago to New York. Chicago is the hub of much of the Mexican drug traffic in the Northern U.S.
Troopers in the Maumee area are averaging two major interstate drug busts per week. But they find only a tiny fraction of the billions of dollars in drugs that pass down the Turnpike. They only have the manpower to stop a few vehicles each day, and they cannot stop vehicles without a reason because that would be profiling, y
Ruiz raped in Reno?
Police in Reno, Nevada, finally made an arrest for the rape of a woman in September 2003. Edgar Gustavo Ruiz, 24, is charged with sexual assault, failing to appear in court, and probation violation. INS (now ICE) placed a hold on him because he is suspected of being an illegal alien from Mexico, y
Wetback with Greenbacks
Editorial: Remittances
Latinos living in the U.S. will send $30 billion back to their favorite countries this year.
The controlled media tells you that this money comes from poor Latino peasants working in the U.S. who have part-time, low-paying (often below minimum-wage) jobs.
And some of you are stupid enough to believe it.
Yet these poor peasants living in the U.S. buy cars here and buy enough beer to fill an ocean. They fill cantinas every night.
If you live around these “immigrants,” you see them in grocery stores and Wal-Mart. They are spending money.
If you were working 30 hours per week at $4 per hour, how much money would you have left at the end of the month to send home? None, unless you had a second job in drug trafficking, prostitution, immigrant smuggling, or home invasion.
The media, politicians and civic leaders expect you to believe that the $30 billion comes from these peasants. Are you that naive? If billions of dollars worth of cocaine, methamphetamine, and marijuana come in from Mexico, doesn’t it make sense that the billions to pay for it must be flowing back across the border? y
Ruiz faces deportation
Luis Mancilla-Ruiz, now 44, molested a 5-year-old girl in Fairfield, Iowa, in the 1990s.
became a U.S. citizen in 2000. December of 2003, he was char^ with the molestation, and on 12 January 2004 he pleaded guilty.
In a rare moment of common sense. ICE has now charged him with lying on his citizenship application.
If convicted, he will be deported, M

Jose S. Diaz
On 23 September 2004, War ick County deputies were on patrol in t? leir southwest Indiana county on Interstate-64. They stopped a vehicle and in it found $12,400 in greenbacks and quantities of cocaine and marijuana.
The driver claimed he was from Florence, Kentucky, but had a Mexican driver’s license. Deputies believe that the driver, Jose S. Diaz, 30, is an illegal alien from Mexico.
The sheriff locked up the money and released the illegal on bond.
Sefior Diaz is probably just a hardworking immigrant who saved the $12,400 from his 30-hour-per-week job at $4 per hour. Maybe he was on his way to buy a money order to send his remittance home to his starving mother in Mexico, y
Coyote short sentence
On 21 July 2004, Iowa state troopers stopped Daniel Loreto-Lopez, 23, an illegal immigrant from Mexico for speeding on Interstate 80.
They soon learned that Lopez was smuggling 12 illegals in his Ford F-150 pickup, which had Arizona license plates.
In October 2004, Lopez was sentenced to one year in Federal prison. Then, he supposedly has three years of parole, which he can’t possibly serve since he will face deportation on being released from prison.
The next time you year someone say there are stiff penalties for smuggling illegals, know that the speaker is ignorant or deliberately lying, y
It.
20 Ujunberbolt December 2004
5 2004 • Chunbrrbolt
5,000 alien sex slaves
0„ 23 September 2004, Laurel Fletcher of the Human Rights Center at He University of California, Berkeley, reported that there are 5,000 illegal aliens held prisoners as sex slaves in the U.S. Most of the sex slaves end up as prostitutes in brothels.
Fletcher did not estimate the number of foreign prostitutes that are not sex slaves but who come here to profit from their trade. /
Holy Mary Magdalene!
jMaria Magdalena Lopez-Torres had a thriving import business in Austin, Texas. She imported prostitutes from IPkxico and sold their services successfully from April 2001 to May 20() 3. Then she was busted by the police.
Already a convicted felon, she was caught in possession of a stolen firearm. She pleaded guilty in September 2004 but has not been sentenced.
The Austin police conduct about one token raid on a whorehouse per year to discourage the business.
Maria Magdalena or Mary Magdalene is a Bible character who was a Pr°stitute who gave up her nefarious career to become a follower of Jesus. //
Pimps and ho’s
Prostitutes flee Korea
Because of the massive government crackdown on brothels in Korea, Korean brothel workers are migrating to the U.S.
The crackdown on prostitution started 23 September 2004, as police invaded the prostitution districts in Korean cities. In Seoul, hundreds of pimps and prostitutes confronted police, but a riot was avoided, and police watched workers board up the windows of brothels.
Until the crackdown, Korea had one of the most flourishing sex trades in Asia. Korean government economists considered it an important industry that grosses $21 billion per year.
Although the crackdown ended 22 October 2004, the Korean government says the brothels will not reopen. M
Korean Flag
sx shack busted in Alma
In 2002, when authorities in Flint, ichigan, | busted 17 Korean lorehouses masquerading as massage riors, they thought that had broken the il connection to the national network

come to the U.S. to work
The U.S. attorney’s office in San Diego has charged two illegal immigrant males—Guillermo Romero-Flores, 43, and Guadalupe Ventura, 27—with harboring two illegal alien females for purposes of prostitution.
The alleged whores are girlfriends of the two men, and prosecutors claim they were brought to the U.S. to work as
prostitutes.
If convicted, the two males will likely
be deported after serving their sentences.
Apparently, the females have not been
charged. The U.S. government often does
not deport illegals for being prostitutes^
throughout the U.S.
In 2004, police in the peaceful nearby town of Alma had been watching a massage parlor. Everyday a van-load of Asian women would be unloaded at the rear of the building.
Finally on 8 September 2004, police had enough evidence. They raided the place in the morning and arrested two suspected Korean hookers.
The next day when a television crew U^’ they sP°tted Asian women in ihfd°or was quickly slammed
aces of the media.
Pol i
from k CC Say the w°men are rotated «omhsbr;,hel brothel
every few
Asian Acupressure
Federal authorities cut a deal with Doo Ri Kim, a brothel madam, whereby she will serve no more than two years for her part in the New England branch of the Korean whorehouse syndicate.
Three of the “massage parlors”—one in Vermont and two in Maine—have been raided in recent months. The brothel Kim operated was in Lisbon Falls, Maine, and operated under the name Asia Acupressure Therapy Center.
During the raid in Lisbon Falls, authorities caught six illegal-alien hookers and Kim. None of the hookers has been charged.
The Korean whorehouse syndicate operates in every state in the union and has hundreds if not thousands of brothels. Thousands of criminals, mostly illegals, are involved in this syndicate, yet the Republicans and Democrats don’t seem to care. Once in a while, a pimp or madam is charged, but usually Bush’s clowns allow the sluts to stay in the U.S. as protected witnesses. V
Fuji foolishness
Parents of children attending the Horace Mann elementary school in San Jose, California, complained that there was an Asian whorehouse across the street from the school operating under the name of The Fuji Salon and Spa.
On 30 August 2004, police raided the place, but George Rios, assistant city attorney, says no one will be charged with the numerous prostitution offenses that they are guilty of. Instead, he will pursue civil action against the brothel.
Apparently, Sehor Rios unilaterally has decriminalized brothel keeping. In tact, the only reasons the whorehouse was raided are: It is across the street from an elementary school; men were waiting in line outside the whorehouse to be serviced; and parents complained.
Isn’t cultural diversity wonderful?
QTliuiibrrliolt Omnibn 2004	21
Immigration - they just come here to work
ICE is a no-show in Catoosa, Oklahoma
Congressman John Sullivan is just going through the motions to convince his
On 19 September 2004, in Catoosa, Oklahoma, a police officer stopped a pickup traveling 70 mph in a 55 mph zone. When he pulled the pickup over, he discovered 15 Mexicans crammed in the truck—five in the front and ten in the back.
The Mexicans admitted that they were illegals and said they were heading to Tennessee. They seemed unconcerned about being arrested.
ip*
The Catoosa 911 dispatcher contacted ICE in Oklahoma City and told them to come and get the aliens. ICE said no. ICE replaced INS and stands for Immigrations and Customs Enforcement.
In effect, ICE said, “We don’t pick up illegals unless it is convenient for us to do so. We are only interested in illegals that have serious criminal records in the U.S.” ICE ordered the Catoosa police to release the illegals.
The police detained one illegal who was wanted on cocaine charges, and they released his comrades, who went on their merry way toward Tennessee.
First District Congressman John Sullivan said, “What’s happened is inexcusable, it’s unconscionable, and it should never have happened.” Sullivan’s statement is correct, so far as it goes.
Sullivan acts like this is the exception. The rule is for ICE not to deport illegals; it is an exception when they do.
Sullivan must know that this has been going on for at least two decades. Once an illegal gets 100 miles into the U.S., he is almost never deported unless he is caught working on a terrorist-sensitive project, such as an airport or a Federal building.
Every cop knows that illegals are routinely released and rarely deported. Everyone who listens to a police scanner has heard patrol officers call in that they have captured illegals; within 20 to 30 minutes, a call comes back from the dispatcher, telling the officer that ICE does not want the illegals and instructing the officer to release the illegals.
conservative Oklahoma voters that he is against illegals.
The flood of illegals is a deliberate thwarting of the law by the politicians who control our government./^
		
	L.A. killers In Los Angeles, California, 95% of all outstanding homicide warrants are for illegal aliens.	
		
He came here to work		
On 25 May 2004, illegal alien Eustorgio Leonides Facundo, 25, went to a residence in Sarasota, Florida, with a prostitute, Teresa Knight, 41. His story is that she attacked him and tried to rob him.
She was about to win the fight when he bit her on the arm. She attacked him with a bottle and tried to strangle him with a cable.
Facundo says he managed to get the cable around her neck. The next thing that he knew, she was dead.
He and his girlfriend, Heather Joslin, 20, took Knight’s body to some woods, poured a gallon of gasoline on it, and lit it on fire.
Police didn’t believe Facundo. For one thing, he had scratch marks on his arms, the very kind of wounds a woman being strangled would inflict on her strangler. And it takes a long time to strangle someone; it’s not normally done by accident.
His plea bargain with prosecutors will make him serve 12 years and nine months. There is no indication that ICE has placed a deportation hold on him for when he is released.
Prostitutes are lowlifes, but among the sickest, most depraved killers are those who murder prostitutes. Kerry and Bush say illegals just come to the U.S. to work. M
ABC too little too late
The Federal government spent an extra $28 million to try to stem the flow of illegal immigrants across the border in the Tucson sector. They called the six-month plan Arizona Border Control (ABC).
Politician Asa Hutchinson says it as a success because apprehension* >f illegals were up 56%, but Time maga, .e reported that the number of iUeg Is getting past the border watchers was ip 200%.
Of the $28 million, $13 million was spent on special airplane tickets to take illegals back into Mexico and even to Brazil. While this slows the return rate, it is not cost-effective. President Bush has been very cheap on immigration enforcement, and the money spent on hiring more agents is far more cost-effective.
The much touted $4 million lease on two unmanned Israeli aerial vehicles (UAVs) helped catch only 780 out of the 352,700 illegals caught during the ABC period. The UAVs only spot illegals. The Border Patrol must race to the location to make the arrests. The UAVs help, but they cost more than they are worth.
All the razzle-dazzle and high technology are not as effective as agents in SUVs chasing illegals. It’s almost as if
O	o
the politicians are fooling around with all these experiments as a stall while illegals pour across the border. Time magazine says that the number of illegals getting in is now three million per year, up from one million last year.
In any case, $28 million is peanuts compared to what the Republicans and Democrats waste every day in Iraq and other foreign hellholes./^
Israeli Hermes 405, similiar to the two the Border Patrol rented in the summer of 2004.
® 2004 * (Tliunbn bolt
22 {TbunDerboU December 2004
Calif* naval-base fencing crews ICE’ed
On 21 September 2004, ICE arrested HH in Oceanside, California.
Of the 27,13 were employees of the Golden State Fence Co., and the other 14 were relatives and others living with the
13.
This was a part of ICE’s program to remove illegals working on defense installations. The 13 were building fences on North Island Naval Air Station in Coronado, much of which is a restricted military area. In bragging about the arrests the next day, ICE made sure that the media understood that this was an anti-terrorist sweep and that they had no interest in deporting illegals who were not working at defense facilities or airports.
Of the 27, one is from Guatemala, and ICE believes the others to be from Mexico. Only four of the 27 are in the U.S. legally, and all four have criminal records. Thus, all 27 will be given deportation hearings.
ICE said Golden State Fence Co. will not be prosecuted. Bush rarely prosecutes employers of illegals.
Open borders advocate Wayne Cornelius said, “It is terribly hypocritical. ••• It has absolutely nothing to do with increasing security.... But it is these kinds of targeted actions that are politically attractive.”
In a sense, Cornelius is right. These hokey publicity-stunt raids have nothing to do with national security or anti-terrorist efforts.
The raids simply are political shows to please the conservative yahoos who scream that the southern border problem
has to do with terrorists and national security.
These yahoos are playing right into the hands of Bush and Kerry. Yahoos are making it easy for politicians to make lake anti-terrorist raids and not make real immigration raids.
What is at stake is protecting
individual homeowners Iron, acts of .he ,r7 . „_n criminals who are flooding m
MC a<ie in home invasion, prostitution, to engage-
drug trafficking, armed robbery, rape, and murder. It is personal security that is at stake, not national security.
Yes, some illegals do work. But every raid also catches aliens who are wanted criminals. The tiny Oceanside raid did get four known criminals off the street, and some of the other 23 are probably criminals whose crimes are not known, while others are just waiting for their chance.
Rounding up illegals and criminal aliens would be easy. The politicians want to convince you otherwise./^
Immigrant contribution
In 2000, almost 30% of Federal prison inmates were foreign-born.
Patel smuggling ring broken up: O’Connor gang still active
Amir Patel, 37, has been charged in New Haven, Connecticut, with 44 counts of immigrant smuggling. He is an illegal alien from India, and this particular immigrant smuggling ring included the United Kingdom as well as the U.S.
U.S. Attorney Kevin J. O’Connor said, “This office is committed to prosecuting any individual who willfully ignores our immigration laws. ... In this age, persons who place profit above our country’s need to protect our borders should prepare to spend time in Federal prison.”
That sounds good, but O’Connor is a liar, a shyster, and a two-bit political whore. The New Haven area is literally crawling with tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands of illegals and other immigrant criminals. Of those caught, O’Connor prosecutes only a tiny fraction. Most arc either just turned loose or are deported without punishment.
O’Connor is just grandstanding, just
,ying lo act like he is doing his job.y

Visit quaint Mexico
Reynosa, Mexico, is a border tourist city just eight miles south of McAllen, Texas.
On 23 September 2004, U.S. State Department official John Naland released a travel advisory warning for Reynosa.
Reynosa police and gangsters have been robbing American tourists and forcing them to withdraw money at ATMs. When the police rob that way, they tell the tourist it is just a fine for some vague crime that they allege that the
tourist did.
One man was kidnapped and kept for five days and forced to withdraw money from ATMs. Only so much can be taken out of a bank account by ATM each day.
Naland said, “It’s one thing having
criminal gangs, but when members of the
city police are allegedly in or are those
sancs then it becomes a matter of real © ©
concern.”/^
Reentry illegal gets no prison
On 7 May 1998, illegal alien Tomas Rodriguez-Martinez was deported to Mexico.
On 12 May 1998, Martinez was caught trying to sneak back into the U.S. He was not punished.
Since then, he was arrested in East Texas under the name Christobal Moreno-Vasquez, and then again he was rearrested under the name Joel Atunes Salazar. Apparently these were for minor crimes.
On 22 April 2004, he was arrested again.
On 8 October 2004, a Federal judge convicted him of illegal reentry, and sentenced him to “time already served in jail,” which is five months. He will be immediately deported back to Mexico.
Just the illegal reentry could have gotten him ten years. Plus, he committed numerous false identification crimes and lied to local police and Federal agents.
Martinez's ease is further proof that Bush, Kerry, prosecutors, and judges are deliberately fostering illegal immigration by making it a no-penalty crime,
QTlimibcvlioU ffikrnnbct 2004	23
Black Universities
Record-holding baseball coach sues for race discrimination
James C. “Jamie” Rigdon, came to Savannah State University (SSU) in 1992 as a junior college transfer to play basketball at the historically Black university. He would have been the second White boy to make the team, but a foot injury ended his basketball career.
Undaunted. Rigdon tried out for and made the baseball team the next spring (1993). It was a dismal season. He got to the plate only twice. Once he got a w alk, and the other time he batted in a run. He also had three short tries at pitching.
Jamie Rigdon was a loser playing for a team that had always been a loser. He had one season of eligibility left.
In 1994, they found out just how aggressive Rigdon could be. He pitched in 12 games and played infield in 34. Rigdon became the team's intimidator.
When the season was over, Rigdon was ineligible to play another year, and he didn’t have enough credits to graduate. SSU took him on as an assistant baseball coach so that he could stay and graduate.
SSU didn’t have a good team. None of its players had ever been drafted by the pros. Recruiting was difficult; teams were lackluster.
Rigdon’s aggressiveness showed through, and he led the team to a conference championship in 1995.
The head coach quit, and they hired a new head coach. Yet it was Rigdon that was running the team, and he won another conference championship in 1996. He also graduated.
The next year, 1997, Rigdon became SSU’s first ever White baseball head coach, and he again won the conference championship. His 31-17 record was the best ever at SSU.
In 1998, he won the conference championship for the fourth year in a row. His 39-9-1 record shattered his own 1997 SSU record.
By then, high school players were eager to be recruited by the White coach who could win at a Black college.
In 1999, Rigdon’s team won its fifth straight conference championship and
Savannah State University (SSU) baseball coach Jamie Rigdon graduated from that school in 1996. In 1997, he was given a shot at being the head baseball coach there.
The young man took the school’s dismal team to the big leagues. He is already the “winningest" coach in SSU history with 279 wins, and his 46 straight wins shattered the NCAA record for consecutive victories.
had a 38-12 season. SSU went to the NCAA championships that year, the first time SSU had ever been invited, and one of his players was drafted by the pros, a first for SSU.
In 2000, Rigdon’s team went 46-3 and he set an NCAA record with 46 consecutive victories.
2001 was the beginning of open warfare between SSU administrators and Rigdon.
SSU President Carlton Brown hired his old crony. Hank Ford, to be athletic director. Both are Black.
Rigdon had already been abused for being White, but he is a big tough guy, and he could take it.
But now it was open warfare. Rigdon’s teams couldn’t lose, and none of SSU’s other teams could win. In fact, the other teams won only about 10% of their games.
The basketball team is so bad that hardly anyone shows up for games. Hank Ford had the press box boarded up at the
football field; that team wins about two games per season.
The school didn't maintain the baseball field. So Rigdon ordered his players out and made them put in a nine-hour day, so they wouldn't be emh.r-rassed when opposing teams visited S.v J for a game.
A dumpster was placed on t ; baseball field, and SSU refused to m< i je it; making practice difficult until it vtk finally moved a week later.
According to Rigdon, Ford beg ,n soliciting players to testify against Rigdon. Five players quit the team as a protest against Rigdon. All five were reserve players.
In 2003, President Carlton Brown announced that a committee had been formed to investigate whether Rigdon should be fired. Rigdon was accused of everything from cussing at and/or intimidating players to recruiting violations.
Rigdon was in serious trouble. However, Professor Jan Jankowski who headed the committee couldn't move forward. The allegations were vague and lacked dates and names. Supposed witnesses did not show up to testify before the committee. The investigation went nowhere.
Rigdon was forbidden to talk to the media, which essentially meant that Ford had prevented him from fighting back.
Lesser men might have just resigned. Rigdon easily could have found a better coaching position. At only 30, Jamie Rigdon was already a legendary baseball coach.
In February of 2004, the whole baseball team threatened to boycott the rest of the season. But this time, they were supporting Rigdon and attacking Ford. By then, the team had seven White players and 20 Black players.
Ford refused to meet with reporters; he sent messages to them by means of an armed campus cop. He had a campus cop accompany him when he left his office. The media were screaming about the

24 QTbunberbolt December 2004
£3 2004 • (Ebunberbotl
collapse of SSU’s athletic programs, H had never been very good.
In March of 2004, Ford stepped I as athletic director and took the job as athletic compliance officer, a position he had been essentially fired from at another school just before coming to SSU.
On 16 July 2004, Hank Ford was unceremoniously fired from being athletic compliance officer.
On 31 August 2004, Rigdon filed a 14-page lawsuit alleging racial discrimination by Hank Ford, President Carlton Brown, and others at SSU.
That lawsuit claims that “from nearly the very inception of Hank Ford’s tenure as athletic director at SSU, Ford harassed, harangued, belittled, threatened, and discriminated against Coach Rigdon on account of Coach Rigdon’s race.”
Ridgon and his lawyer must go up ag nst a team of lawyers from the board of | egents and the Georgia Attorney G ieral’s office. In the meantime, Rigdon I nains coach.
Rigdon may lose, but you can bet that his antagonists will know that they have been in a fight, y
50% earns a B at college
Benedict College is a historically Black school in Columbia, South Carolina. Two years ago, BC President David Swinton ordered that all freshmen be graded 60% on attendance and other menial tasks, and 40% on tests and other academic performance.
Thus a student who came to class every day and did his home work, ended with a 60% even if he got 0% on all the tests. If he got 25% on his tests, that gave him another 10 percentage points [25% x 40% = 10%]. Thus his final grade was 70% and he got a C.
If he got 50% on his tests, he had a total percentage of 80% and got a B.
Professors say Swinton is doing this because as long as the students get passing grades (Cs and Bs), they get Federal grants and loans, which the school pockets.
Two science professors ignored the new grading scale. Swinton fired them.y
No gain at Florida A&M under Gainous
On 28 September 2004, the board of Florida A&M University [FAMU] effectively fifed President Fred Gainous, who had been president for 26 months.
FAMU is a “historically Black” school in Tallahassee, Florida. The vote to fire Gainous was along racial lines. Three of the four votes not to fire came from Whites and all nine votes to fire came from Blacks.
Board members blamed Gainous for (1) NCAA athletic violations, (2) financial mismanagement, and (3) infighting between departments on campus.
The NCAA violations are the only new problem. FAMU has been perpetually plagued with financial mismanagement. Departments on campus were feuding before Gainous was hired.
Financial mismanagement complaints center on incompetent accounting. One million dollars in construction money is missing. Students and even administrators sometimes don t get their checks due to simple bookkeeping incompetence. Administrative error piled on administrative error compounds a single simple task. Sometimes issuing a check can take months.
Most of the FAMU financial administration personnel are its own graduates.
As far as departments fighting with each other, that largely is irrelevant to a university’s main mission, teaching.
Professors are independent. The quality ol university education given depends on whether individual professors are intelligent, know their material, present
" Wfe ' and hl*ve the ability to demand performance from their students.
level h_equali|y received depends on the
hard woA^T*’, self'disciPline'and ork of ^dividual students.
President Fred Gainous of Florida A&M University, a “historically Black” school. Whether he is competent is almost immaterial because he has an impossible job.
If most of the professors are worthless and most of the students are worthless, then the university—in this case FAMU—is worthless.
The biggest complaint against Gainous is that the NCAA was forced to revoke 11 league championships in six sports due to corruption in the FAMU athletic department. FAMU was winning because it was recruiting and retaining athletes too stupid to stay in college.
Some of you conservatives are probably saying, “See, see... when you put a Black in charge; see what happens?” Gainous is a Black in charge of Black administrators, Black professors, Black coaches, and Black students. You can’t make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear.
Blaming Fred Gainous for corruption and incompetence at FAMU is like blaming the president of the country of Angola for incompetence and corruption in his government. It comes with the territory.
We see the same thing in public schools where an administrator, the curriculum, administrative procedures or something else is blamed because Black students can’t learn and Black teachers can’t teach. y
QTliimberbolt December 2004	25
Nashville HS riots
Memphis high school riots
On 6 October 2004, a fight between two students at Hillwood High School in Nashville, Tennessee, turned into a melee as spectators lost all control and started fighting each other. Hillwood principal Alan Johnson, said, “It was very upsetting to have that many kids yelling and screaming and all kinds of jumping around.”
Two “resource officers” and teachers couldn’t control the riot.
All available police units were rushed to the campus and a phalanx of ten additional cops restored order and arrested eight of the young scholars and charged them with inciting a riot and disorderly conduct. It turned out that two of the eight were already wanted by the police for other charges.
That same day, police backups were called to Nashville’s Stratford High School where major disturbances broke out in two wings. Neither was large enough to be called a riot.
School officials say the Hillwood riot was much worse than the Maplewood High School riot a few days before at another Nashville school.
Authorities said they were going to review security video to see if more arrests at Hillwood are necessary. They believed the riot was gang-related and caused by gang members showing lack of respect for each other’s colors and symbols.
The next day, eight additional cops helped patrol Hillwood. They had to break up a few fights but were able to prevent them from growing into riots.
The big surprise came as school let out. Additional officers arrived, and 20 rioters from the riots the day before were arrested and hauled off. Officers still had a few students on their list to arrest.
Principal Alan Johnson seemed to feel that he was not getting enough support from school superintendent Pedro Garcia. Garcia told Johnson to take care of his own problems and suspend the rioters for 10 days, y
14 September 2004 at Westside: On this date, an incident occurred at Memphis, Tennessee’s, Westside High School. If it were not for it, media might not have reported the events that followed at other Memphis high schools.
The key incident was when Taurus Williams was found dead in a second floor bathroom at Westside. The coroner said that he died from a ventricular wall burst of his heart that occurred during a fight. It could have been caused by blunt trauma or compression. [One must wonder if his heart wasn’t weak to start with.]
The fight had something to do with a gang initiation. Six members of a local gang, ages 13 to 15, who were in the bathroom, say Williams was willingly fighting a gang member to get in. This is the version the police accept.
However, Williams’ family says that he was a good church-going boy, and the gang was just trying to force him in.
In any event, Williams was wrestling with another boy and, in the process, hit a commode.
The gang members—Artavis Branch, Dammion Farmer, Antonio Taylor, Tyrus Strong, Jeremy Henderson, and Mack Lewis—were arrested for reckless homicide. All six have minor police records ranging from shoplifting to arson.
As you might expect, Williams became the latest Memphis poster boy for non-violence.
30 September 2004 at Melrose: A fight started in the cafeteria at Melrose High School at lunchtime. Teachers, administrators and on-campus police were unable to quell the fighting, which spread outside. Additional officers arrived. Ten students were arrested.
The next day, extra officers were called in and a large police riot wagon was parked outside. There were no major incidents.
30 September 2004 at Northside; Northside High School is directly across
Taurus Williams
the street from a police substation. As school let out in the afternoon, a major fight broke out on the school lawn just across the street from the police substation.
Teachers, school police, and police from the substation were unable to quell the riot involving at least 20 fighters. Dozens of other police arrived and arrested eight students.
The next day, twelve officers reinforced the school and made additional arrests.
7 October 2004 at Northside: At least three large fights broke out. Twelve students, of which six were females, were arrested, y
1000-man LA HS riot
Just in as we go to press: On 19 November 2004, about 1,000 Black and Latino students battled each other inside Jordan High School in the Watts district of Los Angeles.
Police surrounded the school with a double row of squad cars and waded into the riot. Four students were arrested, one for kicking a cop in the mouth.
Riot cops forced the students into classrooms, where the disturbance continued. SWAT squads escorted the students olT the campus in groups of about 20.
A smaller, simultaneous all-girl brawl occurred nearby at Lock High School, y
26 tEliunbrrlioll ffletrmbcr 2004
America’s schools today
Lumbees battle Blacks in high school
Purnell Swett High School is in Pembroke, North Carolina. The student body of 1600 students is about 82% Lumbee Indians, 14% Black, and 4% White. Lumbee Indians are every bit as violent as Blacks.
Two Sheriff’s deputies are assigned fulltime to patrol the halls.
On 4 October 2002 at the local country fair, several Black students badly beat an Indian student in front of a large audience of Blacks who cheered and threw objects.
At the high school, the Indians counterattacked. The bloody riots in the halls resulted in 39 suspensions. Later outside the high school, the Indians protested claiming that Blacks received lighter punishment because the school needed them for the football team. Nine Blacks were suspended and 30 Lumbees were suspended.
In 2004, new fighting broke out at Purnell Swett. The school claimed that the fighting was not race-related; parents say most of it was race-related.
14	September 2004: A battle in the school resulted in 11 suspensions.
15	September 2004: More fighting and four more students were suspended.
21 September 2004: More fighting and “several students” were suspended.
21 September 2004: According to the Sheriff’s department, a 14-year-old student was caught smoking. When a deputy turned his back on the student, the student raised a metal folding chair over his head and smashed the deputy. Two deputies fought with the student and finally were able to handcuff him.
The student suffered a knocked-out tooth, a busted lip, swollen eyes, and numerous bruises about his head and
shoulders.
Cuts on the face of Deputy Stevie
Thompson were stitched, and he sprained
„ n^nutv Chris Locklear suffered a a knee, uepuiy
. n fincer. The sheriff sent in two
broken iintjci.
Placement deputies, and pul the two ones on injured reserve.
Bober 2(M>4: More fighting broke
out. Deputies arrested 10, and the 10 were suspended.
5 October 2004: Students say a riot broke out at 7:40 a.m. Three students were arrested and twelve injured by pepper spray.
In all, about 30 students were suspended in the three weeks of fighting, y
vvounu
4 Oct
Mother breaks up fight on school bus
Football game mini-riot
Everyman, Texas, is just south of Fort Worth. Everyman High School has 1100 students for all four grades. That’s only 275 students per class, making Everyman a medium-sized high school. The student body is 60% Black, 23% Hispanic, and 15% White.
Violence is common at Everyman football games, which six police attend. [Your editor’s high school was about 375 per class, and the one or two cops at football games just watched the game.]
At the football game on Friday night 8 October 2004, the principal requested that two of the officers stop a man and a woman from smoking. Smoking on high school property is a violation of Texas law.
When asked to stop smoking, the man became verbally vile and physically combative. The officers tried to get him to leave the stadium, but they had to fight him.
During this, a crowd of 200
surrounded and attacked the two officers.
The mob beat and kicked the officers. One
was bitten on the arm the other suffered a
badly bruised rib. They called for help.
Officer Elizabeth Charles was
working off duty at a nearby bingo game
and was one of the first to arrive. She
could hear one officer yelling, “Get them
off my back.” “It is the most chaotic thing
Ve ever seen in my life,” she said.
When officers from Forest Hill and
cl°.'1 ^orlh poured in, they were able to
ri- e llle crowd back and force it to *8Perse tu
• 1 nere were two arrests. M
Rita Mae Gooden, 38
Yalaha, Florida, is a rural town of 1,175 and is 82% White and 12% Black.
On 5 October 2004, a school bus was taking children home from the Oak Park Middle School.
Two Black girls, age 12, were exchanging racist insults with a White girl, age 13. When the White girl called one of them a “nigger,” the two Blacks attacked.
One held the White girl down while the other Black girl beat her unmercifully.
Rather than breaking up the fight, the bus driver proceeded to the next bus stop where Rita Mae Gooden, 38, the mother of one of the Black girls was waiting for her daughter.
The bus driver told Gooden what was happening. Gooden rushed onto the bus, pulled the two Black girls off the White girl, and Gooden took over the attack.
Witnesses told police that Gooden grabbed the White girl by the throat with one hand and began beating her with the
O	o
other. She threatened to kill the White girl and said, “This better be the last time you mess with my daughter.” Then Gooden added, “I'll get my posse on you.”
Deputies arrested Gooden for second degree attempted murder, and the White girl was taken to the hospital.
Medical examination showed blood, linger impression bruises, and claw marks on the White girl’s neck, all of which
W-
suggested she was being choked, y
tr,uun*erboli *
2004
CZriiiinbrrliolt DrrrinluT 2004
27
60 cops fight chaos at Chester High School: 28 arrested
Chester, Pennsylvania, population 37,000, is a suburb well west of Philadelphia. Chester is 76% Black, 6% Hispanic, and 18% White.
The one public high school, Chester High, is almost all non-White. Whites in Chester are mostly old and have few children. The few White kids mostly go to private Catholic or Protestant schools. Those that go to Chester High are imprisoned in a third-world school.
Chester High School can accommodate 2,000 students. Last year, they had 1400 students and this year 1600.
Parents and students raised hell about overcrowding and lack of text books. Actually, only one text book was in real short supply, and it was an environmental science book that was late in arriving from the publisher. Late text books are a fact of life.
Parents also complained that their kids had to stand in line in the lunchroom. Can you imagine that? Lines in school lunchrooms are a fact of life. Your editor waited in lunch lines through public schools, college, and the army. So did you. Of course, we weren’t smart enough to riot.
Chester High has a few violence problems. In fact, this medium-sized high school has eight fulltime uniformed security officers and four fulltime disciplinary assistants. These 12 brutes are not enough, and Sergeant Joseph Bail of the Chester Police Department says, “We’ve been having fights there consistently. The school has become a melting pot for different areas of the city, and there are a lot of rivalries between neighborhoods.”
Did your high school have 12 guards and still have to call the police? Is Chester in America or in Africa? Your editor’s high school, about 1100 students, had no security at all, no locked doors, and no assistant principals. We had one little shriveled up principal. He had few disciplinary problems and no serious ones.
On 27 September 2004, two of the female students started fighting in the lunchroom. Security guards broke it up and dragged the two away. Then eight boys started fighting. Security guards stopped that. Then other students started fighting outside the lunchroom in the school’s lobby.
The 12 brutes lost control and called the Chester police. By the time the Chester police got there, the second and third floor halls were engulfed in riot with fights, large and small, everywhere. Chester police called for all available units from nearby towns. Minutes later, the situation had deteriorated to the point where they called for all available officers in Chester County.
It took 60 officers an hour to bring the rioters under control. During the quelling, fighting students were maced and pepper sprayed, then handcuffed and led away. According to one student, some parents invaded the school and hysterically were demanding answers; the police had to handcuff some parents temporarily.
Only 28 students were arrested, two of them for criminal assault of a police officer.
Needless to say, the indigenous population blamed only the police and the “overcrowding.”
A school board meeting was held the next night in an elementary school gym to get “input” from parents.
Board member Michael F. X. Gillin said afterwards, “They want to vent, they want to vent. ... At a point it got out of hand. You can’t do anything. Let people vent and scream and holler.”
At that meeting, complainer after complainer went to the microphone and carped, yelled, and cursed about the school and the police. Finally, when two of the complainers started fighting with each other, the school board members grabbed their papers and tied the room.
Among the complaints was that the school is run like a prison. Like a prison ? It is a prison.
The next day, school continued under especially heavy guard. Four additional permanent security officers are being hired. That makes 12 security officers plus the four disciplinary thugs.
Needless to say, the school bo rd announced a zero-tolerance policy jr violence. How many times have we hi d that? They are also hiring more teach' §, adding another lunch hour, etc.y
Temple Texas:
Mexicans battle Blacks in Temple High School
Temple, Texas, is 60% White, 17% Black, and 18% Hispanic. Temple High School is majority non-White; many of the Whites have fled to private schools.
Late in August 2004, three Black students “jumped” a Mexican student at a Temple mall and gave him a beating.
On 3 September, two fights between Mexicans and Blacks occurred in the high school. Before police could get those sorted out, other fights erupted throughout the school.
More police arrived and, along with school administrators, finally got the fights stopped. Police used pepper spray on the fighters. One police officer and one school administrator were attacked. Eleven students were arrested.
School officials say the two existing security guards urgently need permanent reinforcements. Five Temple police officers have been temporarily assigned to the “tense” school. Principal Callahan has been transferred out and replaced by J.J. Vitareal, a hulking ex-football star and failed coach. Security cameras will be installed./^
Criminals distrust the police and so do races of criminals.
28 tEUjiintorrboU Detrmbn 2004
© 2004 * OriiHitbiTboU
America’s schools todaS1

2 boys caught smoking cigarettes at HS football game
The annual Springdale versus Wilkinsburg football game was held the night of 1 October 2004, in the Springdale, Pennsylvania, football stadium. It started out to be just an ordinary night for the Springdale cops assigned to the game.
Two boys watching the game were Thomas Parks Jr., 16, and Garret Wickline, 14. Parks had recently pleaded guilty to vandalizing a local park. Wickline was arrested during the summer, but a judge dropped the charges.
The boys were smoking, which is against school rules. They refused to quit and refused to leave. Teachers asked the police to eject them from the stadium.
The police said the boys refused to lei ve, fought when the police tried to arrest them, and assaulted the officers. Officers handcuffed the boys and put them into the back seat of a police car.
Police say that before they could leave, Thomas Parks Sr., 41, unlocked the police cruiser door and his nephew. Garret Wickline, leaped from the car and, although still wearing handcuffs, escaped into the crowd.
Thomas Parks Jr., 16, also tried to escape but officers grabbed him. Police arrested Parks, Sr. after a scuffle and put him in the cruiser along with his son.
By then. Parks Sr. had aroused a mob of about 30, who blocked in the police cars. Officers from three agencies assisted. The cop cars had to fight their way through three crowds. At one point, a crowd was so menacing that an officer had to pull his pistol to force back the mob.
During one of the confrontations, police arrested Thomas Parks’ other son, Ryan Parks. 14, for interfering with the police. At that point, the police had Thomas Parks and his two sons in
custody.	'
The police no sooner had gotten their
prisoners to the station when an angry crowd gathered outside. Police Chief Joe N viglia (a White) talked to them briefly nd then told them to back away from the
building. They complied.
Now let’s get the other side of the story. One witness says the boys weren’t doing anything and that the cops just dragged them out of the crowd and beat them.
One of the crowd’s complaints was that the police officers who were leaving the stadium with the two handcuffed boys should have stopped and explained the whole situation to Thomas Parks Sr.
Jacqueline Jones, mother of the Parks boys, said of her arrival at the police station, “I believe it was Chief (Joe) Naviglia, because he was screaming fairly loud, ‘I’m sick of you nigger kids coming to my town and ruining it and ruining virtually everything that goes on here.” Mrs. Jones also said the boys were bruised from being beaten and choked by the officers. She showed the boys and their bruises to the media. [Frankly, the bruises and scrapes are the minor kind that boys get almost every day and forget about in five minutes.]
Of Officer Mike Naviglia (the chief’s brother), Mrs. Jones said, Mike Naviglia kissed her son Thomas Jr. on the mouth and asked, “Does that taste like racism?” Lucille Wickline, mother of Garret Wickline, brought him to the station still in handcuffs. She later said, “He hid under the bushes like a scared bunny.”
A small crowd, many of whom were White, picketed the police station the next day.
Parks Sr. was charged with aggravated assault and hindering apprehension. He was released on $10,000 bond.
The three juveniles were charged, held for two days, and then released Thomas Parks. Jr. was charged with
4 counts of making terroristic threats, aggravated assault <vf « _,«»* u- I	01	a	police	officer,	and
hindering apprehension tu. \
o
d
mncienng apprehension. The other tw
boys were char.,. i . . ner lw [assault and escapf^ ***** aggravalc
You can bet th*u it, from this in.-; i dl "e ^Percussions
years. M ‘Uem last for several

rrtiotl
2004
OKC: John Marshall High School riot
On 7 October 2004 at 12:05 p.m., two students at John Marshall High School in Oklahoma City got into a fight over possession of a chair in the cafeteria.
Police Sergeant Willie Edwards, who is assigned to patrol the school halls, broke up the fight. When he tried to take one of the combatants by the arm and escort him out of the lunchroom, the student resisted. The mob in the lunchroom agitated until a riot broke out.
A student threw a full soda can and hit Edwards on the head. Students attacked the officer, hitting him with fists, and kicking him.
Backup officers poured into the high school. A student spit in Sergeant Ron Northcutt’s face. The rioters disappeared back into the crowd and down the halls.
Police arrested six rioters but only two names were given out. Students Kajoun Newman, 14, and Michael Starr, 19, were charged with assault and battery on a law-enforcement officer.
Two more officers have been assigned to the school.y
v\! |/V«A| l/yv\! I0,1 !/>Ol l/yv\! l/>
Minority agitators continually complain and threaten riot over the killing of criminals of their races by police officers. One of their main complaints is that White officers needlessly kill (murder, they say) when the criminal is trying to escape in a vehicle. Usually the predator is trying to run over the officer. Every month, predators run over and murder several officers. Thunderbolt believes that too many officers die because they hesitate too long before shooting.
(Rbttubrrboll OcmnUn 2004
29
Richmond County (Augusta), Georgia, schools call in the deputies
Richmond County, Georgia, schools are a picture of what your school will be like. Richmond County is where Augusta, Georgia, is located.
On 1 September 2004, a student phoned in a bomb threat to Butler High School, which occasionally happens even in good schools.
As the students were being evacuated, using standard fire-drill procedures, a fight between several students broke out. School “resource officers” battled the rioters with pepper spray and batons. No sooner was that brawl over than a second riot broke out, then a third.
On 10 September, 15 students were involved in a riotous brawl at Glenn Hills High School. A female chemistry teacher tried to break up the fight, and the rioters turned on her, beating her to the floor and kicking her in the back. One student began destroying the glassware in her chemistry lab.
She managed to get to her feet and run to get school “resource officers” who broke up the riot.
Then someone triggered a fire alarm, which started a riotous fight among female students.
Students were hauled to the principal’s office, but before they could be questioned, another riot broke out there.
The school administrators didn’t bother to call the police. This is just an internal matter, and the students will have to face a school tribunal, they said.
The media covered the series of riots at Glenn Hills High School and the cover-up by school officials.
Superintendent Dr. Charles Larke hid from the media, but he finally threw in the towel and admitted he could not control the schools.
The Sheriff’s department is assigning 40 deputies to control the two high schools and to monitor three more where rioting may break out. The stated purpose of the deputies is to “suppress all disorderly behavior.” This sounds like the
Superintendent Charles Larke says deputies will be permanently required to supplement his own force of uniformed “resource officers.” His schools have gone from being just unsafe to being uncivilized.
purpose of an invading army.
Superintendent Larke said of the deputies being sent in, “We’re excited about this being a long-term solution for our problems.” You’ve got to be kidding me. He is excited about Richmond County’s schools being turned into armed camps with a continual presence of riot police!
Four phase collapse
Richmond County schools have gone through the same phases that other urban schools have gone through or will go through.
Phase 1: “Normalcy:” Eventually the school loses control.
Phase 2: Assistant principals: The school begins hiring “assistant principals,” many of whom don’t have teaching degrees and some of whom don’t have degrees at all. The typical assistant principal is a hulking Black man. For a few years, this seems to work, but schools soon admit that they again cannot handle their “students.”
Phase 3: Resource officers: The school hires big unilormed guards, complete with guns, riot spray, and clubs. Their duty is to have a constant presence in the halls, watch the doors, and monitor
metal detectors. During phase III numerous cameras are usually installed to monitor doors, halls, cafeterias, etc.
During the first three phases, the school maintains control and tries to keep the media and public from knowing how the school has deteriorated.
Phase 4: Police state: Soon th assistant principals no longer see themselves as intimidators and enforce; but as administrators. Eventual! violence becomes large-scale, and the resource officers cannot outfight the students.
Regular officers from the police or the sheriff’s office are sent in. Students are treated like adults. If they mouth off to an officer, it is disorderly conduct. They go straight to the squad car and then to juvenile justice. They do not go to the principal’s office. The principal has already proven himself to be impotent, even when he’s backed by a small army of assistant principals and resource officers.
During phase 3 and phase 4, ^hools begin to resemble prisons.
Causes of school de-civili ition
The biggest cause of the co apse in our schools is the increasing pi portion of Black and “Hispanic” studes ,. They are violent and stupid. Stupid k:	do	not
like to sit for 50 minutes in F lish or math class because they don’t ive the slightest idea what is going on.
Black teachers and Blacl admin-istrators, which the schools art n eed to hire, are another problem. WhiK it’s tine that they “relate better to” Black students, this “relate to” can be a problem. Black teachers are much more tolerant of class disruptions including use of the F-word. This means that White teachers who demand that Black students maintain a minimum level of decency and self-control are targeted by Black students.
Minority parents are also a problem. Far more than White parents, minority parents side with their children when their children get into disputes with teachers
30 tEliiinbrrbolt December 2004
O 2004 • QTlmutuu'bolt
1 administrators. They believe their
children’s lies.
Another cause of the de-civilization
of our schools is Republicans and
Democrats. These politicians set goals
that are making and will make our schools
into uncivilized prisons. These goals stem
from the idiocy that everyone deserves
or has a right to an education.
The politicians put their idiocy into
law with goals like:
1.	Everyone should go to high school.
2.	Everyone should graduate from high school.
3.	No one should be expelled except in the worst of circumstances
4.	No one should advance to the next g ade until he has mastered some very r inimal level of academic achievement.
The result is that minority students remain who should drop out or be expelled. Many flunk and are older than they should be for the grade they are in. The result is chaos and violence.
In some circumstances, Blacks act like crocodiles sitting on the banks of the upper Nile River. They sit in class half-asleep. Then the fire alarm goes off. Once out into the halls, they explode. Fights break out, boys fighting boys, girls fighting girls. Others join in; the Black students go into a frenzy.
If a teacher tries to break up the fight, the crocodiles turn on the teacher.
Fights may continue sporadically all day or even for several days, unless brute force is sent in.
That is the way our schools will be as long there are minorities in them.
None of us care about the chaos in the schools in Nigeria or Angola. That’s because our children do not go to those schools and because those schools do not affect us.
The solution is to remove minorities from our schools. Their fate is of no concern to us unless it negatively affects us.
Update: On 8 October police announced their post-riots sweeps at the f,ve Richmond County high schools had netted them 108 arrests. Some students and parents complained of stereotyping and profiling.y
For some, high school is a riot
On about 13 September 2004, a “Latino” student brought a Mexican flag to Mount Miguel High School to celebrate Mexican Independence Day. A Black student poured a soft drink over the flag.
Mount Miguel High School is in Spring Valley, California, near San Diego.
It has 2100 students, of which 800 are Mexican and 440 are Black. The “other” 860 students are apparently irrelevant to this story and irrelevant to school administrators.
On 20 September at lunch, a Mexican and a Black student got into a fight. The fight was blamed on tensions over the flag incident. Other Mexicans and Blacks joined in the brawl, and soon 20 students were engaged in a race riot with hundreds of menacing spectators milling about.
The school “resource officer” either could not or would not stop the fight. “Resource officers” are armed, uniformed members of a school system’s police force.
School officials called 911. Within minutes, the parking lot was full of police and highway patrol cruisers, and a police helicopter hovered over the school. Thirty or more officers rushed into the school, quelled the “disturbance,” and handcuffed 29 students.
Other students were chased into classrooms where they were locked in for two hours until emotions quieted down.
The 29 were released to their parents’ custody. Later, three students were arrested, not for fighting but for threatening a school administrator and for not following police instructions.
Black parents are threatening to call the NAACP because more than half of the 29 were Black.
The next day, school resumed with *4 police officers walking the halls and keeping order.
•he Black-Mexicansurvival strategy
orked. You can bet that White
yea°,,rnem Wld Plummel in ‘be next few
‘beh^cM^ WhUe Parenl WOU,d wanl •Wren to attend what is little more
than a reformatory school for violent young predators?
This strategy is not a conscious one. But their violence works, y
Hallway predator strikes
The following is according to a 15 year-old girl’s report to police, which is substantiated by video camera footage from a hall camera at Fort Dorchester High School in South Carolina. Dorchester is about 30 miles northwest of Charleston.
On 13 September, Javon Morris, 18, pictured, prevented the girl from going to class. He dragged her into a bathroom and raped her. He was arrested, charged, and his bail was set at $50,000.
Isn’t an 18-year-old one year overage for a student going to high school in the fall? I just thought I’d mention that to all you Republicans who keep saying that we should flunk students if they are not smart enough to pass.
When the “incident” came up, the school board didn’t even discuss Morris, they just yammered on about installing more security cameras and hiring more “resource officers.” Cameras and guards are not the problem. Subhuman behavior from reprobates like Javon Moms is the problem.
No. I don't want Javon lynched. I just want him. Clarence Thomas, Bill Cosby, Colin Powell, and all other Blacks sent to Africa. In the U.S., 100% of those who | need lynching are White. H
• c 2004
QTliimbabolt ©renubn 2004	31
America’s schools today
students at Stall High School: 20 arrests
Stall High School in North Charleston, South Carolina, is not a nice place. About 40% of the students have been suspended, and 56% have been flunked a grade at least once.
On 21 September 2004, teachers broke up an argument between two groups of students in the school parking lot. The students are from two different neighborhoods and have numerous simmering grievances involving robberies, girls, etc.
The next day, school “resource officers” caught a student, 18-year-old Thaddeus Dingle, with a loaded shotgun. He was hauled away to jail.
The principal expected trouble at lunch and sent as much extra muscle as he could to the cafeteria to try and control possible trouble there.
At 11 a.m. as soon as the students hit the lunch room, a riot broke out. Forty students, including some females, were battling. One teacher was injured trying to break up a fight. Fighting continued inside and spread outside the cafeteria. The school called 911.
Within minutes, a police helicopter was hovering overhead, and 60 officers, some with police dogs, waded into the fight. After 20 minutes, the police had arrested and led off 20 students. The fight was over.
The media video of the students being arrested shows them to be Black. One charged as an adult was named Abel Reyes.
Lockdown: The school went on lockdown for the rest of the day. Lockdown means that students are locked in whatever class they were in for the rest of the day. If you were in 11:00 o’clock English class, you stay in that room with that teacher until school is dismissed.
You cannot leave the room. If you need to go to the restroom, an officer escorts you there and back.
Lockdown is what they do in a prison. Separate cell blocks are locked down and isolated from each other so that
32 QTliinibrrboit December 2004
Superintendent Maria Goodloe is focused on improving SAT scores by standardizing curriculum to all the schools she controls.
the fighting cannot spread and so that rumors are controlled.
Parents: The 20 students were charged with rioting and other infractions. Bond was set at $465 each, and some remained in jail because their parents couldn’t raise the money.
Needless to say, parents of the
arrested kids say their kids are innocent. Some are furious at the school and the	
police.	
One mother claims that she was so	
sh<	l that her little girl was arrested
th	:ollapsed to the floor. Angel •
Br	id, “I know my child wasr
im	n any fight.... I think the pc'
ju	whoever they could cate!
	its of some of the uninvoh
StUj school violeno Pol	are pulling their kids out They have been driven out
	lice officers have been assigned t CP
the school but will be removed when tl' tension diminishes.
Unusual? The only thing unusual about the 21 September riot was its size and that the media got involved.
The students are quite blase about the riot. Lakenya Simmons was quoted as saying, “This is an everyday thing. Not like this, but there are fights every day. It really doesn’t laze us at all. It s going to
be just another topic to talk about tomorrow.”
Karen Brown, a senior said, “It’s just one big fight.... It’s normal to me.” Superintendent Maria Goodloe said that all 20 students have been temporari! y suspended. You may recall that her Noni ■ Charleston Brentwood Middle School-the infamous “Hell School”—has bels featured in recent issues of Thunderbc kk Brentwood is the school where Wh; g teachers are routinely fired and where violence and teacher abuse is an everyday occurrence. M
Gresham’s Law applied to schools: Bad teachers and administrators drive out good teachers and administrators.
OKC HS dance
On 11 September 2004, a crowd of youths was standing outside Millwood High School in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. A football game had just nded, and they were wait	’or a school
lance to start.
Suddenly, shots rang o ee in the owd were hit by bullets	ushed	to
lie hospital. All three surv ind were iiome two days later.
The shooting victims w Deangelo
&	w
Brown, 18; Alonzo Pone 17; and Quaylin Owens, 15. The scooter was described as a Black male I 7 years old. 5’ 8” tall and 165 pounds. He was driving an older white Ford LTD that might have once been a police car.
School officials say that Millwood High School still is perfectly safe and that the three who were shot are not students.
Police and the crowd claim they are clueless as to who the gunman was.^
© 2004 • OTliuiibiubolt
America’s schools today
punks attack 3 Guilford principals
Terry Worrell, 37, broken hip
Guilford County is in north central North Carolina.
On 27 August 2004, Page High School Principal Terry Worrell, 37, was at a football game. She tried to break up a fight between male students and ended up getting a broken hip for interfering. Three teens were arrested.
Like most of the high school principals in Guilford County, she is female. After her injury, high school principals in Guilford County have a police escort at football games. Worrell will be off duty for at least several months.
On 7 September 2004, Eastern High School Principal Lisa Cooke tried to breakup a fight between male students, and they injured her arm. She was not seriously hurt.
On 22 September 2004, a fight broke out between two male students at High Point High School. A school “resource officer” pulled the two combatants apart. Two bystanders were about to fight when Principal Revonda Johnson intervened. One of them knocked her out cold with his fist. She was not seriously injured.
All four students were arrested. The only one that was not a juvenile was Maurice Deon Belser, 18.
Data from the 2003-2004 school year has not been released yet. During the 2002-2003 school year, 55 Guilford County school employees were intentionally attacked. Only 15 assaults caused serious injury./^
Durfee Bloods & Crips
At Durfee High School in Fall River, Massachusetts, there are two groups of students who identify themselves as the “Bloods” and “Crips,” but police say they are just a bunch of want-to-be punks.
On 9 September at 10:00 a.m., the first day of school, the security guard near the parking lot noticed two groups congregating. Someone threw the first punch, and a full-scale riot involving up to 100 students broke out.
The security guard radioed school “resource officers” who charged into the crowd. Teachers and administrators joined to try to subdue the crowd.
When police poured onto the scene, the fighters scattered. At least six carloads of students were arrested, and one student was taken to the emergency room.y
Safe at New Rochelle HS
Administrators continue to tell us that New Rochelle High School is safe.
If so, why were seven New Rochelle, New York, police officers on hand in squad cars and on bicycles as school let out at 3:30 in the afternoon of 22 September 2004?
First, two girls got into a fight.
Then a major fight broke out between two groups of students, sending dozens of additional police racing to the scene and sending four boys to the emergency room. One boy had a 13-inch knife slash across his back.
School Superintendent Linda Kelly said the fight isn’t school violence because the warring mobs managed to get off campus before the battle broke out.
So there you have it. Your children are safe as long as they are in high school, but the minute they step off campus they are not. M
Criminals distrust the police and so do races of criminals.
ll-year-old school boy Braces felony ethnic I intimidation charge
We don’t know the name of Nancy Sadvar’s son because he has been charged as a juvenile, so we’ll just call him Boy Sadvar. The Sadvars are White and live in Craig, Colorado.
Boy is 12 now. When he was 11 and a sixth grader, he was in the lunchroom at Craig Intermediate School. Another student was harassing Boy in Spanish. Boy and the other kid got into a shoving match. It wasn’t a fist fight, just a shoving match. No one was hurt.
The school “resource officer” pushed them apart and made each boy sit down and write up his version of the scuffle.
Boy wrote as part of his statement, “Maybe now he’ll start speaking some English.” Boy was charged with ethnic intimidation, a felony.
One prosecutor dropped the charges, but Bonnie Roesink, 14th Judicial Circuit District Attorney, reinstated the charges and is going after Boy with vengeance.
The other youth was never charged and has disappeared, apparently back to Mexico.
Needless to say, Nancy’s legal bills are skyrocketing, and several hearings are likely to be held before Boy even gets to trial.
It wasn’t as if Boy was a bully. In fact, his sixth grade teacher, Karen Rohnke, said he hadn’t been in trouble before.
Boy’s life essentially will be ruined if he is convicted. An 11 -year-old boy is facing felony charges only because the other kid used Spanish. How long are we going to put up with this?
There is ethnic intimidation in this case. But it is persecutor Bonnie Roesink who is intimidating Whites. M
!	Subscibe	to
QTInutberbolt Today!
See page 3
University news
e
Jew complains: coach fired
Cheerleading coach at the University of Georgia, Marilou Braswell, often led Christian prayers as many coaches do.
Many of us think these prayers are silly, but we tolerate them because they are no big deal.
Jaclyn Steele, a Jewess, never was able to make the first squad, but the first squad only cheers at some of the games; Steele still got to travel, cheer, etc.
In the spring of 2003, Steele filed a complaint with the school that Christian beliefs were being forced on her and that she was denied first squad status simply because she would not participate in Christian activities.
The terrified athletic administrators put Steele on the first squad without even a tryout, which is completely unheard of.
In the fall of 2003, the University put Coach Marilou Braswell on probation.
Her cheerleaders wanted to know why Steele made the team without a tryout. Tryouts are an honored part of the cheerleading tradition.
Coach Braswell read the team a letter explaining that Steele was promoted because of a complaint about Christianity. In August 2004, the athletic director fired Braswell.
In response, a senior cheerleader and the assistant coach, Brandon Register, quit the team.
In October 2004, Braswell filed a Federal lawsuit saying her freedom of speech and freedom of religion were violated. She pointed out that head football Coach Mark Richt also engages in Christian prayer.
What do you think of the carping Jewess and her special promotion?,*'
232
Christopher Justice
Day of the Rope metaphor
Dr. William L. Pierce predicted that White Americans would someday get fed up with White race traitors. Whites will likely rise up and hang the traitors from the nearest lamppost, he predicted in his famous novel, The Turner Diaries.
Thunderbolt believes that such an event may well occur in the not-too-distant future. From time to time, we will feature those whom Whites might rise against.
We hope that such an event need never occur. Hopefully the “lynching” will be just a political metaphor and not a physical reality. However, we see no indication that our enemies will come to their senses.
On 30 September 2004, police in the Cincinnati area were looking for Christopher Justice, 33, who was a suspect in three violent purse snatchings.
Justice’s modus operandi was to use his stolen pickup to cut off a woman walking in a parking lot. He would reach out the window, grab her purse, and drive off. The victims were as old as 77 years.
One woman could not let go of her shoulder bag and was dragged; she had facial injuries and broken teeth. In one case, he used a woman’s stolen credit card to buy $42.19 worth of cigarettes and beer.
Finally, police spotted him in the pickup and chased him five miles through city streets, before Justice ran into a car and killed a 49-year-old woman. E en then, he had to be subdued with Tas
He had a long criminal recor< or similar crimes, and two states had a ve warrants seeking his arrest.
Even though on a per capita sis there are five times as many Black ti gs, we must eradicate Whites like Christs. Justice. White men like him are lis month’s Day of the Rope nominees
Back Issues of Thunderbolt
The following are available. September 2003 [Issue 1-1] October 2003 [Issue 1-2] November 2003 [Issue 1-3]
IV :ioer 2003 [Issue 1-4] January 2004 [Issue 1-5] February 2004 [Issue 1-61 March 2004 [Issue 1-7]
April 2004 [Issue 1-8]
May 2004 [Issue 1-9]
June 2004 [Issue 1-10]
July 2004 [Issue 1-111
August 2004 [Issue 1-12]
September 2004 [Issue 2-1]
October 2004 [Issue 2-2]
November 2004 [Issue 2-3]
Prices for back issues are:
1	issue $5
2	issues $9
3	issues $ 12
For each additional issue, add $3.
See page 3 for address and for bulk purchases. We cannot guarantee the availability of any particular past issues. As of I December 2004, all are in stock.
34 {Elnmbrrbolt December 2004
C1 2004 • dTImiibcrbolt
Rural Nebraska	.....
Wendy Valencia, 15
South-central Nebraska is about as rural as it gets. This story is centered in an area about 80 miles west of Grand Island.
Monday 4 October 2004: Wendy Valencia, 15, got into a fight in Elm Creek, Nebraska.
Tuesday 5 October 2004: Her stepfather, Abel Antilion, reported to law enforcement that Valencia had run away. This was not her first runaway. Her family said she had been hanging out with older members of a gang.
Later that morning, Lexington police found her 30 miles away in Lexington. They believed that she arrived there in a stolen car.
While she was being transferred from one vehicle to another, she stole an unmarked police car, roared away at 100 mph, and escaped.
At some point, she connected with Emeterio Guajardo, 18, of Lexington. A stainless-steel police shotgun was stolen from the unmarked cruiser.
Later that day, a car was reported stolen in Cozard.
Wednesday 6 October 2004: A state trooper spotted the stolen Cozard car. As he pursued, his vehicle was hit by shotgun blasts, one of which took out his
Subscribe to
fE3)unberbolt
12 issues for $40.
Thunderbolt LLC PO Box 400
Marlinton WV 24954-0400
Emeterio Guajardo, 18
windshield and rear view mirror. The two subjects abandoned their stolen car and escaped on foot. [It was muddy from a recent heavy rain.]
A massive manhunt was started, which included numerous troopers, the Troop C SWAT team, Nuckolls County Sheriff’s Department units, K-9 units, and state police air units.
Nearby schools were first locked down, and then parents were called and told to pick up their children.
Police evacuated some residents including the Svobada family. In their absence, their Jeep Cherokee was stolen.
That night, the Himmelberg family returned home to find their house completely ransacked and heavily vandalized. The carpet had been badly soiled with mud and the house contained broken glass and damage from a fire.
Thursday 7 October 2004: At 8:00 a.m., a convenience-store clerk in Hold-rege reported to police that he had spotted a vehicle matching the description of the stolen Cherokee.
A deputy spotted the fugitives on the move on a paved road. He gave chase and other units joined the pursuit.
Meanwhile, at 9:00 a.m., Jeff Wilken was taking his two children to a doctor’s appointment before taking them to school. He spotted the chase and stopped his pickup at an intersection to let the entourage past.
As the Cherokee roared past, someone in it, police say Guajardo, fired shotgun blasts at Wilken’s pickup. One blast hit the passenger’s side window. Wendy, 8, took some of the blast of glass shards and pellets on her face. Little brother Wyatt, 5, also
was hit.
Wyatt was treated at a hospital and released; Wendy was raced to a large hospital in Omaha, reported in stable condition, and released the next day.
The suspects turned down a gravel road where the chase continued at 80 miles per hour until the Cherokee charged down a muddy dirt road.
Somewhere during the chase the shotgun was fired at the cruiser of Deputy Gene Samuelson of the Phelps County Sheriff’s Office.
Only one pursuit vehicle was able to follow the Cherokee down the muddy road without getting stuck.
The Cherokee eventually became stuck in the mud, and the two fugitives got out and ran into a cornfield.
The deputy pursued them. After he fired a warning shot, the two surrendered.
The chase covered three days and 250 miles.
Don’t worry about Wendy. Under Nebraska’s liberal laws, as a juvenile, she’ll soon be out and making babies. And she has three little sisters.
One local resident stated, “This isn’t supposed to happen in Podunkville, USA.” The people in rural Nebraska are finding out that Podunkville is quickly becoming Ponchoville. y
Jeff Wilken’s two small children survived a shotgun attack on his pickup. The truck is shown here abandoned at a rural Nebraska road intersection, waiting on a state police evidence team’s inspection before it is moved. With no apparent motive, two wild Mexicans shot up the pickup and wounded the two children.
W 5% $§'	®	13 H
£l)un&rrbolt
^December 2004 35
“Ordinary” shoplifting arrest becomes fatal
On $ September 2004 at 12:10 p.m., an employee at Circuit City electronics store, in Chesapeake, Virginia, called police and reported a shoplifting in progress.
Several officers headed to the scene, but the suspects left in their vehicle. A Chesapeake police officer spotted the vehicle and pulled it over. He waited for a second officer to arrive and then ordered the three male passengers to exit the vehicle.
Michael E. Jones Jr., 18, and Brian D. Ricks, 29, left the vehicle and
surrendered.
Alexis A. McDonald, 22, refused to exit. He had a pistol in his hand and was pointing it at the officers. Several times, they told McDonald to drop the gun. At some point during the standoff, both officers opened fire, killing McDonald. The names of the officers have not been released.
Police have not speculated whether this is a professional shoplifting gang or whether this was just a one-time theft. Some shoplifting gangs are well organized, and, if caught, they strong arm their way to an escape.
Apparently, the police believe the three got away with considerable loot in the Circuit City job because both Jones and Ricks were charged with grand larceny. X
Alexis A. McDonald, 22, had a previous conviction for petty larceny in 2001. He served four days in jail for that crime.
In 2004, he refused to surrender when police stopped him for shoplifting. He died in a hail of police
bullets.
Officer down in Memphis gun battle at Walgreens
Michael Eugene Jones Jr., 18 accused member of a shoplifting gang had no prior significant convictions.
Brian D. Rfcks had a previous conviction for petty larceny in 1999. He was sentenced to five years in prison but only served two months! The remainder was suspended.
i In 2003/ Ricks was convicted of attempting to bribe a police officer. Again he was sentenced to five years in prison, all of it was suspended!
Later in 2003, he was convicted of parole violation and sentenced to 4 years and ten months in prison. However, he served only 10 months with the four years being suspendedl
He is living proof that judges know we can’t afford to keep them all locked up forever.
Police allege that Officer James Baker, 43, left, was shot by Narzarius Jackson, 25, right. Jackson’s brother was killed a few minutes later.
1:30 a.m. on 25 September 2004, [ck men brandishing pistols ran
_ iphis, Tennessee, Walgreens
store.	^vaulted	the	counter	and
lemandea^^jjhe employees get on the
flfjl
jynnoticlm,H^^tnanager escaped and ran adf^ss theraredrto a convience store yelling for heljr Police Officer James Baker, 43, heard the manager and headed toward Walgreens on foot.
The suspects had fled without any money. Baker tackled one suspect who police now say is Narzarius Jackson, 25. Baker had Jackson on his stomach and was about to handcuff him when, quick as a cat, the suspect rolled over and shot Baker in the shoulder.
Baker collapsed, and Jackson ran off into the darkness.
Two more arriving officers spotted a man running; he was Ronald Walker, Jr., 24, who is Narzarius Jackson’s brother.
Walker fired his pistol at the officers and ran into the night. They caught up with Walker a few minutes later. Walker again opened fire on the officers. This time, they responded with a heavy volley of bullets and Walker fell dead.
Jackson was later arrested at home without further incident.
The third man escaped.
Officer James Baker was the third cop shot in Memphis during 2004; he survived his wound. M