ttr	V

Bubbly about gun control
Cbunberbolt• December 2003 •Volume 1-4
Partial Contents
Loyal to their ethnic nation, not to our country?	2
On-duty cop rapes three	4
Crime dog McGrifF: deputy rehabilitates lesbian	5
Veteran cops in cantina corruption: anything goes	6
Giuliani & Bloomberg: This is our boy, our rising star	7
FBI: Deputies for Sheriff Ellington, must pay him	8
The Jacksonville Four’s three-year crime spree	9
Dallas fires Police Chief Bolton	10
Violent death & survival in the 21st century: predators
attack those who can’t fight back	12-17
81 -year-old killed in home invasion	13
4	of 5 Indiana-Michigan border raiders captured:
home invasion gang terrorized the elderly	14
$10.50/hour Brinks guard killed with .25-caliber	15
5	predators caijack-murder 2 college students for $18	16-17
Mexican attacks 38 women: INS plans to deport again	18
Deputized Florida cops arrest 165 illegals	18
Cayce, SC fights Somali Bantu invasion	20
Koreans flood across remote section of Canadian border	21
African refugee flood expected to replace Jewish refugees 21 Waste & corruption in building Houston’s schools	22
School teacher demographics: White woman’s burden	22
George Bush & “educators” end violence in Colorado schools 23 Austin White cop kills Black: Jesse says it’s “murder”	24
Austin NAACP decries shooting of unarmed Black motorist
by White Sheriff’s deputy	24
Deputies introduce Sergio Ramos to heavy metal	25
Good-hearted parolee runs over officer with patrol SUV	26
Psycho-killer moron runs over motorcycle cop with truck Poll shows Connecticut wants more gun control	28
Gun store burglaries provide combat arsenal	28
“White” cop kills 15-year-old Black in Denver	30-31
Homosexuals march through the churches	33
Cincy cops bust terror gang?	34
Update on invasion at Christy Laing’s home	35
Nashville’s gun-fighting barber dies in hailstorm of lead
back cover

U.S. Army Capt. Yousef Yee, is a Muslim chaplain who counseled suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. He allegedly smuggled classified documents and had diagrams of the prison and lists of imprisoned suspected terrorists. He is a Chinese-American who studied Islam in Syria.
Donald Runsfeld says it is just a coincidence that all three suspected spies in October 2003 are non-White and
— “
White Americans see disloyal people as traitors, but to their own people these “traitors” are heroes and patriots.
Left is Jonathan Pollard, convicted Israeli spy, and right is Katrina Leung, accused Red Chinese spy. Jews are accused of spying for Israel and Chinese for China. People are genetically biased in favor of their own family and race.
Ahmed Fathy Mehalba, a civilian translator, allegedly smuggled a computer disk out of Guantanamo Bay containing lists of the prisoners held there. He was caught returning to the U.S. from his native Egypt. He is a known associate of a Muslim who allegedly stole secrets in 2001.
Muslim. He insists that the U.S. will take no special precautions in using them in critical intelligence tasks, and that they are just as loyal as any American.
Of course he’s building a “super-secure” building in Guantanamo Bay because he can’t trust his own soldiers not to steal our secrets.
It is an insult to White Americans to say we are no more loyal than his pet ragheads.
In October 2003, Cincinnati police alleged that Omran Saleh headed a gang of 23 Middle Eastern criminals that operated a $100 million operation that fenced stolen merchandise through 12 stores and transferred some of the proceeds to the Middle East. See story on page 22.
■■'I
Senior U.S. Air Force Airman I iimad I. al-Halabi has been arrestejon 32 criminal charges including espi( ritge and aiding the enemy. Al-Halabi, 24, Allegedly sent e-mails containing names of Arab prisoners to Syria and another country in that area. Authorities accuse him of sneaking out photos, maps, and 180 letters or messages from prisoners. He is an immigrant from Syria and was suspected of being disloyal even before they sent him to Guantanamo Bay. However, the U.S. is so desperate for interpreters that they took a chance ar d sent him on a critical missionlto Guantanamo Bay anyway.
U.S. Army Sgt. Hasan K. Akbar, left, is charged with the murder of two White officers and 17 attempted murders. While on duty in Kuwait just before the 2002 Iraq war, he allegedly tossed a grenade into a tent full of White officers.
John Allen Muhammad, right, is currently accused of being one of the two beltway snipers. In 1991, he was U.S. Army Sgt. Muhammad in a unit preparing for the first Iraq war. He was the principal suspect in an incident where someone threw a thermite grenade into a tent containing 16 U.S. soldiers.
2 CljunbcrbolJ Drcrmbrr 2003
Ill	®fjunberbolt	of	Truth
December 2003	VOLUME	1-4
Thunderbolt is published approximately monthly by Thunderbolt LLC with articles of interest to action-oriented, Americans. Articles reflect the opinion of the authors and/or editor and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of any related organization. Single copy price $5 [postpaid]. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year for U.S. and Canada. All other countries: $80.
become a tEtyunberboIt supporter
Help us make Thunderbolt a success and help us get tens of thousands of copies into the hands of those who can benefit. Thunderbolt will grow faster and be even bigger and better if you will support it by being a Capital Contributor. Our goal is to make Thunderbolt the hardest-hitting, most effective, and most widely circulated patriotic magazine in America. Most people need a Thunderbolt of Truth to shock them back to reality, and we will give it to them. You can add power to this magazine. Send your suggestions and capital donations to the address below. Thunderbolt will be absolutely relentless in exposing the threats to our people and to their future. There will be no future, if you do not act today.
Let’s add a couple million volts of power to Thunderbolt. Let’s light up the black sky and send shock waves rolling across America.
—Robert A. DeMarais, Ph.D., Editor
Become a tKfjunberboIt distributor and get the truth to the many who need it
Bulk & Distributor Prices			
Number of copies	One time purchase	6-Month Distributor Subscription	12-Month Distributor Subscription
10	$10.00	$55.00	$100.00
25	20.00	$110.00	$200.00
50	30.00	$165.00	$330.00
100	50.00	$275.00	$500.00
The above prices include postage to U.S. destinations. For foreign bulk orders, please write.			
tEIjunberbott

□	United States and Canada, 12 Issues $40.00
□	United States and Canada, Introductory Rate, 5 Issues $18.00
□	All Other Countries (Airmail) 12 Issues $80.00 [Payable in U.S. dollars only]
Name:
Address:. City___
State
Zip Code.
Country.
Enclose Payment	□	Money	Order	□	Check	□	Cash
Make checks and MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC and mail to: Thunderbolt LLC PO BOX 400
MARLINTON WV 24954-0400
1-4
Thunderbolt LLC • PO Box 400 • Marlinton • WV 24954 • USA
t&bunberbolt • © 2003
tEbunberbolt December 2003	3
Bad cops, bad cops, wat cha go’nna do when they come for you, bad cops, bad cops
Ah be Lt. George Tetanich

Lt. Tetanich K. Crummey
North Charleston, SC, police arrested Kenny Crummey for impersonating a police officer and soliciting a prostitute while claiming he was an officer. He claimed to be Detective Lt. George Tetanich. Tetanich is one of the most visible officers in North Charleston, as he often reports to the media on the status of cases and arrests. When a prostitute had come to police complaining that Tetanich had robbed her of $ 180, the description she gave was of a young Black man not a middle-aged White man.
Lt. Tetanich is a top cop with a squeaky clean record and is happily married with three children.
Crummey is a con artist, who has used other aliases and has prior arrests for soliciting a prostitute, strong arm robbery, check fraud, stalking, and resisting arrest. Prior to his arrest, Crummey was working as an auditor at a resort on the Isle of Palm. Good affirmative action employees are hard to get.y
You can’t lock up all of them. You can’t keep them on parole. You can’t keep them from getting guns. You can’t keep them all on psychiatric drugs, and they are not going to change. What’s the solution? V
Rent-a-cop stops nosebleed
On Friday, 6 June 2002, Earl Wickenburg, 53, went to a Georgia Department of Labor [GDOL] office in Savannah to file for his unemployment. They told him they had no record of his working in Georgia. While they were trying to straighten that out, he was working at one of the computer terminals that the state has for the unemployed. As he worked his nose started to bleed.
According to Wickenburg, a security guard, Joe McClendon (pictured), came over and said, “You have to leave. You’re bleeding. We can’t have you bleeding everywhere.” Wickenberg said he got up to leave and told McClendon to “Go to hell.” McClendon grabbed his night stick and beat Wickenburg over the head until the night stick bent double and then kicked him when he was down.
GDOL employees verified the attack by McClendon and police arrested him for battery. GDOL fired McClendon’s employer, Sizemore Security, and hired a new firm. Wickenberg went to Candler Hospital where he was treated for a cut on his forehead, bruises, and sore ribs. He told reporters, “I feel worse than I look.” y
Tried of hokey, feel-good stories in the news media? Get the unvarnished truth. Subscribe to tKjjunberholt. See page 3.
On-duty cop rapes 3
In June 2003, lawsuits over the rapes committed by Officer Joseph Evan Robinson were settled for $1.3 million. In April 2003, he was sentenced to life for the three rapes in 2002. He was convicted of three rapes, two kidnappings to commit rape, sexual penetration by a foreign object, sodomy by use of force, and sodomy under “color” of authority. Officer Robinson kidnapped one victim from a bus stop and another from the car in which she and her boyfriend were sitting. He used rope to tie two of the victims. One victim was raped in a motel room while his partner stood guard outside the door. Robinson’s Jewish defense attorney, Ira Salzman, swears his client is innocent. No woman is safe anywhere in America as long as affirmative action predators wear blue.y
Deputy wife beater?
On 20 June 2003 Hamilton County, Ohio, deputies arrested one of their own. Deputy William Cotton. Cotton allegedly “choked (his wife) around the neck, pushing her into the wall, threatening to knock her down the steps.” He also injured his two-year-old child. Cotton’s police powers have been suspended and he has temporarily been transferred to a desk job. y
v v
© 2003 • OTbunberbolt
Bad Cops
Crime dog McGriff, deputy rehabilitates lesbian
According to his 6 August 2003 indictment, Deputy Derrick McGriff, of Gwinnett County, Georgia, decided, “The world needed at least one less dyke and he was going to make sure that happened.” Now he has been charged with false imprisonment, rape, aggravated assault with the intent to rape, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon (a handgun), and violation of oath of office. McGriff allegedly kidnapped, at gunpoint, a 21-year-old lesbian from Molly O’Shea’s Irish Pub’s parking lot in downtown Athens, Georgia. He forced her to drive to her apartment where he raped her. He is free on $100,000 bond pending trial, y
Police Investigator moves out of state, takes patrolman’s job
Augusta, Georgia, Police Investigator Wayne Bunton has been accused of misconduct in a number of cases, most recently in July 2003. Bunton is accused of making a sexual proposition to a murder suspect and biasing that case with tape recorder shutoffs. Allegedly,
Lt. Ramey sues Monroe
In June 2003, Lt. Carl Ramey, of the Savannah Police department sued in Federal court because he did not get the Chief of Police’s position in Monroe, Georgia (population 11,000). The U.S. Department of Justice is also investigating Ramey’s complaint.
Ramey (pictured) lost the job to the other finalist, Marvin K. Glass, in a 5 to 3 city council vote that was strictly along racial lines. All five White council members voted for Glass, who is White, while all three Black council members voted for Ramey.
Lt. Ramey has a master’s degree and 19 years of police experience. Glass was a corporal in the Monroe police department with seven years experience, but was also a command sergeant major in a military police unit of the U.S. Army reserves. He has significant private industry supervisory experience. Ramey asked for a salary in the mid-70s while, Glass asked for one in the mid-50s, $20,000 less. Glass is a lifetime Monroe resident but has no college education.
Unless other significant information comes out, it is likely that the City of Monroe will lose the lawsuit. It is wrong, but we live in a country run by corrupt, anti-White politicians, bureaucrats, and judges, y
whenever a witness began to say something he didn’t want to hear he would order the tape recorder shut off. Investigator Bunton suddenly resigned as investigator and moved to Florida where he took a position as a patrolman, y
Houston police chief resigns under intense pressure
In July 2003, Houston, Texas, Police Chief C. O. Bradford announced his retirement after 9 of 14 city council members said it was time for him to go. Even though he was acquitted of aggravated perjury charges, those charges still concerned the council.
Another of his problems was the mass arrest of 278 people in a Kmart parking lot. Police were cracking down on people participating in illegal street racing. They moved in on the crowd that was watching the races and arrested them all, including a number of shoppers who just happened to be there. Charges against all the 278 were dropped, but there are 40 lawsuits so far.
The biggest complaint against Bradford seems to have been the disaster at the police department’s DNA crime lab, where the result of 1300 convictions may be in jeopardy. Most of the convictions are for murder, child rape, rape, and other serious crimes. Needless to say, many criminals may have escaped prosecution because of bad test results. One problem was Bradford’s refusal to replace the lab’s leaking roof, which may have contaminated DNA samples. He also refused to fire allegedly incompetent lab workers, including J. H. Chu and C. K. Kim, who figured prominently in a number of the bad laboratory tests, y
Giving a bad man a badge will not make him better. It will only make him more powerful.
fEIjunberbolt December 2003	5
Bad Cops
Veteran cops in cantina corruption: anything goes—drug dealing, prositution, shootings, gambling, underage drinking
On 11 July 2003, five veteran Houston, Texas, police officers were arrested for “engaging in organized criminal activities,” which could earn them life sentences.
For years there have been reports of wide-open crime in the cantinas, including: prostitution, gambling, drug dealing, underage drinking, and even unreported shootings. Young Mexican girls, provocatively dressed like prostitutes, were often seen near or entering the cantinas. One mother living near the El Mexico cantina complained, “We have drunk guys all over the place when there are little kids playing outside.... Every night there’s like shootings and stuff.”
Police were conducting unannounced raids to no effect. Raiding teams reported that the cantinas were devoid of crime and almost devoid of customers and employees. The five officers arrested were allegedly warning the cantinas of pending raids and otherwise assisting the cantinas to avoid prosecution.
From left to right the five are Officers David A. Gamboa, 44; Javier Gomez, 40, Rolando Cruz, 35, Salve R. Ramirez, 45, and Sgt. Freddie T. Gonzales, 41. All five have prior suspensions from active duty for minor violations, y
kill me.... He came at me, and I shot him.
Officer Napier says she only remembered shooting him one time.
She recounted a number of other occasions when they had little family disputes. For example, he beat their 9-year-old with a belt for acting up at school. So she jumped on him, but he outfought her. Their 15-year-old entered the battle by throwing a knife at his father. So Mr. Napier beat him too and put a gun in the boy’s mouth. Then, Mr. Napier lined all three up in the kitchen and pointed a gun at each in turn and said he’d kill anyone who tried to intervene again.
Despite her extensive police training and experience with “domestic disputes,” she did not try to break up the marriage. Too bad that we could not hear his side of the story as he had previously accused her of cheating and much more.
In any event, the jury said “not guilty.” She did not indicate whether she is going to try to get her old job back as a policewoman, y

Officer Napier stands trial in murder of husband
Veteran Police Officer Gwendolyn Fleming Napier, 39, of Palm Beach, FL, was married to John Napier Jr. She was tried for his second-degree murder in July and August 2003.
The prosecution said she had long threatened to kill him if he fathered a child with another woman (apparently cheating without babies was ok). And when she discovered that he had fathered at least one, she shot him seven times with her
police handgun. Part of the prosecution’s case was that it appeared that the seven rounds were aimed at his crotch. By killing him, she not only got revenge, but also she collected $50,000 in life insurance, plus the money mortgage insurance paid on their Riviera Beach home.
She maintained that he had long abused her and that she finally shot him in self-defense. She had twice called the cops on him, and she said that she was unable to outfight him and did not think to use her pepper spray or night stick.
On the fatal day, the two were entertaining family and friends, but went in the bedroom and had a big fight. Consider these short excerpts from her testimony:
He leaped over the bed right on top of me, choking me and punching me in the head.... [he said] ‘Bitch, I’ll kill you. ... You do as you’re told. ... Bitch, you dead. Bitch, you dead. ’ ...He went into a tantrum, chanting how he was going to
© 2003 • GTbunberbolt
Bad Cops
Giuliani & Bloomberg iThis is our boy, our rising star
New York’s corrupt politicians, including Mayors Giuliani and Bloomberg, kept promoting their favorite affirmative action token, Fredrick J. Patrick. They decorated him with certificates and praises along the way, never keeping him in one job long enough to do any damage. This is Mayor Giuliani in March of 2001:
lam proud to appoint Fred Patrick as the Commissioner of the Department of Juvenile Justice.... Freds background in criminal justice will serve him well in this new role. He has the experience and working knowledge needed to continue the progress made in the City’s Department of Juvenile Justice. I have full confidence in Fred’s ability.
In reality, no one ever did a background check on this fat boy, whose chief ability is to BS the media. Of course, Patrick has been promoted a couple of
times since Giuliani’s promotion and ended up as Deputy Police Commissioner, being given $132,000 per year for his “services” for making “community outreach.” The only thing Patrick ever did for very long (1993-2003) was manage a non-profit company that solicited and spent money to “improve prison life.” Most of its money actually came from the city of New York. On 11 July 2003, Patrick was arrested on Federal mail fraud charges for misspending $107,000 of the fund’s money. Crooks of the $107,000 magnitude are a dime a dozen in the New York City government. But the sexually perverted use of the funds is what kept this story in headlines in NYC and kept it out of the news elsewhere.
Deputy Commissioner Patrick allegedly used the $107,000 to help prisoners make “thousand and thousands”
of collect pornographic calls to “1-900” sex lines. The prisoners called his apartment collect, and he patched them through to the pornographic lines. That Patrick was apparently listening in on the steamy, sick calls has been a taboo subject for most of the media.
When the police raided his apartment, they found a perverted place. Not a stick of furniture, only a bed. Everywhere they looked were stacks upon stacks of the most disgusting pornographic tapes. When arrested, Patrick pleaded poverty and said he had only $1,500 to his name, the court appointed him an attorney at taxpayer expense.
Of course, had Patrick not been caught, some president of the Clinton-Bush ilk would have eventually tapped him for a high-level Federal job.y
Cheaters never win: 23-year veteran trooper dies in gun battle with wife

. >• v. "*
L *
Trooper John W. Gadson, Jr.
Betty Gadson, 46, a nurse, and South Carolina Trooper John W. Gadson, Jr. had only been married 17 months when she caught him cheating on Sunday night 27 July 2003. The next afternoon, she confronted him outside their apartment, but he refused to admit what he did. So she took his .38-caliber weapon to threaten him, but it did no good. It appears that she decided to shoot off his sex organs, but he turned to run. She shot him four times, once each in the lower abdomen, the left side of the abdomen, the right buttock, and the back.
By this time he had dialed 911 and on the tape Mrs. Gadson demanded, “You gonna tell me where you were last night?” Trooper Gadson answered, “Yeah. I was at a motel.”
Mrs. Gadson cursed him and said,
“You f----with the wrong woman.”
Then he pretended to be choking and coaxed her to come closer. When she was close, he grabbed her, held her, took the gun, and executed her with one shot to the head. She died immediately, and he died a few hours later, y
Cbunberbolt | © 2003
QTIjunberbolt December 2003	7
Bad Cops
FBI: If you want to be a deputy for Sheriff Ellington, you must pay him for the privilege
Gospel choir singer
If the FBI is to be believed, Tunica (Mississippi) County’s Sheriff Jerry Ellington may be the crookedest sheriff in the South since Reconstruction. He is being accused of sexual harassment, and forcing deputies to pay $ 1 per day for the privilege of working for him. Further, deputies were forced to steer arrested suspects toward Ellington’s favorite bail bond companies, and Ellington got 30% off the top of the bond money. The FBI alleges that he promoted one deputy to a narcotics position with a very big jump in salary. The deputy was to kickback to Sheriff Ellington part of the pay increase. The deputy was given license to steal from drug dealers with the sheriff getting a percentage.
Tunica is in North West Mississippi, only about 40 miles south of Memphis. Gambling was legalized there in the 1990s. The politicians claimed the idea was to lure tourists and gamblers from Tennessee and Arkansas for some nice clean fun. And that’s what Tunica’s gambling advertising stresses. But since he gambling started, crime has risen 1000% and some Tunica clubs offer live »ex acts on stage, open drug sales, irostitution, etc. Tunica County is in the Mississippi River delta, and 77% of its >opulation is Black, y
Atlanta top cop aids Diablo singing group
In Atlanta, the Diablos are a “very violent” Black gang operating in the northwest part of the city. Since 1997, the gang has been able to expand their territory and avoid major mass arrests. On 13 August 2003, the FBI moved in and began arrests including one of the leaders with a street name of “Day Day.” Day Day was none other than Atlanta’s “officer of the year” for Northwest Atlanta, David Alan Freeman, 38. Freeman acted in concert with the other leader of the gang, Billy Durante Ladson, 26, whose street name is “Billy Diablo.”
Officer Freeman allegedly warned the gang of police raids and stole cocaine and narcotics for the gang from rival gangs. Freeman’s lawyer says “The Diablos” are just a singing group and Freemen only provided them with security. Freeman is being held without bond.
Part of the 13 August 2003 summary indictment of the gang members follows:
The FBI announce (s) “that a federal grand jury has returned an indictment against DAVID FREEMAN, 38, a/k/a “Day Day, ” as part of a superseding indictment against sixteen individuals, with charges relating to the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act (RICO).
“The original March, 2003, indictment charges the defendants, BILLY DURANTE LADSON, 26, a/k/a “Billy Diablo; ” WALTER ROOKS, 30, a/k/a “Reb, " EDDIE OLIVER, 29, a/k/a “250, ” VINCENT WILLIAMS, 32, a/k/a “Vent, " REGINALD WHITE, 28, a/k/a
“Reggie, " DEMARCO HENDRIX, 24, al k/a “Marco, " DEANDRE NORWOOD,
27,	a/k/a “Dre Cat," MAURICE TURNER, 24, a/k/a “Tyree Jones, and “Larry Jones, " TERRENCE TURNER, *
28,	a/k/a “Teflon, and “T," JUDAS DEWAYNE WILSON, 25, a/k/a “Wayne, * DEMETRIUS REVERE, 29, a/k/a “Top Cat," WILLIE RESPRESS, 24, a/k/a “Chuck, " LIDONDA CARTER, 25, a/k/ a “Tink, " DEMARICUS JACKSON, 24, a/k/a “Demarco Jackson " and “Debo, ” and TEDDY STARKS, 31, a/k/a “Michael Starks ” and “Hunklebun, ” with RICO violations, including acts of murder, attempted murder, robbery, violence, drug sales and distribution, threats and kidnapping, as part of a pattern of racketeering activity. The superseding indictment adds the name of defendant DAVID FREEMAN, who was employed as a police officer with the City of Atlanta during the period of the conspiracy, and charges FREEMAN with a leading and organizing role in the organization.
According to both the original and todays superseding indictment, during the time period of 1997, through the present, the defendants, acting as an organized group called the “Diablos, ” a gang operating in Northwest Atlanta, used threats, violence and intimidation in an ongoing effort to obtain money and drugs for the organization. The indictment details a series of related violent acts, drug transactions, and other actions designed to maintain and expand the geographic area controlled by the Diablos, which was located in Zone One of the Atlanta Police Department. Defendant DAVID FREEMAN, at the time working in Zone One, is charged with working closely with the identified leader of the gang, BILLY LADSON, a/k/ a “Billy Diablo. ” The allegations against FREEMAN include attempting to recruit	'
a person to the Diablos; transferring cocaine from a suspect he had captured to LADSON; warning LADSON of a planned execution of an APD search warrant involving the Diablos, and threatening to kill and injure persons.
© 2003 • QTbunberbolt
Bad Cops
The Jacksonville Four’s 3-year crime spree
Karl Waldon, narcotics detective, is so deeply religious that he is known as “The Pope.” He recruited some of his henchmen through church. The Pope’s known crimes (all while on duty) include strangulation murder, two kidnappings, eight armed robberies or thefts, and a home invasion. This killer cop claims innocence, and in August 2003, he appealed his life sentence.
Reggie Bones, 36, a narcotics detective, joined the gang near the end of the crime spree and was convicted of bank fraud. Bones served as lookout on a botched armed robbery. He also heard Waldon admit to murder, armed robbery, and numerous other crimes but did not tell his supervisors. As an officer, he had several prior disciplinary actions including “conduct unbecoming an officer.” Under pressure, he ratted on the others and received a sentence of one day in jail.
Summary
From 1996 to 2000, four Jacksonville, Florida, narcotics detectives terrorized drug dealers and buyers with home invasions, beatings, burglary, armed robberies, thefts, and extortion. Then the gang turned to armed robberies of legitimate businessmen, and finally committed murder.
Sheriff Nat Glover, a Black (see September 2003 Thunderbolt page 27), ignored all the warning signs, and finally the FBI moved in and broke the case. There were at least three other Black criminals involved, but they were not police officers.
The Jacksonville Four and associates were tried before U.S. District Federal Judge Henry Lee Adams Jr., an African-American, who gave out light sentences. He does not believe in the death penalty, and did not ask the jury to consider it for the brutal murder of Sami Safar.
Detective Aric Sinclair worked off duty as a security officer at the bank where Sami Safar made withdrawals for his convenience store. Safar (pictured above) was a Syrian immigrant and cashed enough checks at his store that he would withdraw $50,000 at a time. In May 1998, Sinclair’s associates robbed Safar’s nephew as he left the bank with $50,000. Safar told police that he thought the cops were in on the robbery, but they ignored him. On 3 July 2003, based on a tip by Sinclair, Detective Waldon tried to rob Safar. Using his police car, Waldon stopped Safar’s car and strangled Safar to death and stole $50,000.
Aric Sinclair, narcotics detective, 34, was a high school basketball superstar. He is a hulking, slack-jawed, brutal-looking man. In 1966, he committed the first known crime of the spree and is known to have committed, while on duty, six armed robberies or thefts. Sinclair ran his own drug dealing network. He worked closely with other drug dealers exposing the identities of undercover narcotics agents and informers, and warning dealers of police raids. His biggest job was the armed robbery of Sami Safar’s nephew of $50,000. Sinclair was sentenced to 17 years but will only serve 1214 years.
Jason Pough, narcotics detective, committed at least six thefts or armed robberies and a kidnapping while on duty. He is a deeply religious man who hopes to realize his goal of becoming a preacher to help Black youth. In the end, he broke down and cooperated with police. He was sentenced to five years but will only have to serve four.y
GTIjunberboU • © 2003
Cbunberbolt December 2003	9
Bad Cops
Dallas fires Police Chief Bolton
The need to fire Police Chief Terrell Bolton began to grow from the day he was promoted in 1999. By August 2003, the City Council, which had long demanded action on Dallas’ hideously high crime rate, was shocked with reports that murder was up 72% over 2002’s already high level. Bolton had held office for four years, which is a long time for a major city police chief, especially one who had proven himself ineffective. City Manager Ted Benavides, a Mexican, couldn’t even get Chief Bolton to come to crime prevention meetings. Benavides should have acted sooner.
Tuesday, 26 August. Ted Benavides, fired Dallas’ first Black police chief, Terrell Bolton. Bolton, 49, a 23-year veteran of the force was being paid $ 141,000 per year. Bolton gave a farewell news conference. He said he would find another police chief’s job. He spoke of his accomplishments, especially about hiring more Black police officers.
When the news conference was over, Jordan Blair, a Black leader, immediately said, “The mayor is a racist.” Black County Commissioner John Wiley Price said, “This is a city of color, and in terms of historical representation, we need to have an African-American chief.” Within minutes. Black radio stations were on the attack. Bolton would soon realize that virtually every Black was on his side and that race was an issue he could use.
Wednesday, 27 August. Blacks protesting at a city council meeting called the firing of Bolton a “public lynching,” and demanded that he be reinstated. Protestor after protestor harangued the mayor, Laura Miller, a White.
Bob Hinton, Boltons’ White lawyer said, “if the chief had not been African-American” he would not have been fired.
When Mayor Miller tried to speak and called for unity. Blacks turned their backs to her. She frequently had to raise her voice to be heard over the outbursts and rude remarks of the “protestors.” She had to call a 10-minute recess while order was restored. When she tried to continue.
10 {Rbunberbolt December 2003
Homicides in Dallas for the first 6 months of 2003 are up 72%.

the outbursts began again, and she ordered the police to escort the still screaming protestors out the door.
All of Dallas’s Black council members said they were angry over the firing. One said Bolton was a “love child” and said he was their hero. Another Black council member, James L. Fantory, agreed with the protestors and said Bolton’s dismissal was a slap in the face to the Blacks and warned of riots. He said, “We will not sit back and let this continue. ... This is a slap in our face like it’s never been slapped before. ... There’s lots of angriness in our community and it’s going to blow up if we don’t do something.”
Friday, 29 August. Bolton and his lawyer called a press conference. Bolton said:
Dallas has had the highest crime rate among large U.S. cities for five years in a row.
'7 never signed no letter to resign. ... Mr. Benavides needs to tell the truth. ... He fired me for no reason but political pressure. All you’ve got to do is tell the truth, Ted. You don *t have to lie. You were pressured to fire me. You carried out the order. Now you ’re trying to construct a case against me. And I suggest to you that you have destroyed my reputation. I'll never be able to get a job as a dogcatcher. ... [By now Bolton was in tears.] I took my firing like a man. I smiled about it. And you destroyed my family. ”
Bolton was crying like a three-year-old-boy and ran from the podium and up the stairs, tears rolling down his cheeks.
That same day, 50 Black protestors marched downtown. Their leader was the
From upper left: 1. Chief Bolton during his reign, 2.Chief Bolton gives farewell speech Tuesday, 3. City Council protestor on Wednesday. 4. Bolton starts to cry at Friday’s press conference. 5. Bolton, crying, runs out on press conference.
head of the Black State Employees Association of Texas, Darren Reagan. Reagan shouted, “We’re not going to sit idly by and let this happen.... They have declared war on the African-American community.... Laura Miller, Chief Bolton is not your slave.” His protesters carried signs threatening “No justice, no peace!”
Sunday, 31 August. Black preachers throughout the Dallas area took to the
1
© 2003 • tEbunberboIt
Bad Cops
Bolton a Black racist?
When Terrell Bolton first became police chief in 1999, virtually the first thing he did was to demote nine top Whites in the department and replace them with minorities. When the officers filed lawsuits against the city, the city quickly paid out millions. The city knew it had no chance against Bolton’s purely race-based demotions.
pulpit to rail against the firing of Bolton. Bolton, himself, took the pulpit, and made an emotional speech to 1500 Blacks. He said, “I’ve got news for you, Madam Mayor and Mr. City Manager. I didn’t bow down. I refuse to bow down.” Throughout his speech, the congregation responded with cries of “amen,” “tell it like it is,” clapping and other standard fare. Bolton said that Benavides was “tricked by Satan,” and that Mayor Miller was a “wizard pulling strings.” And he compared his struggle to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. By this time the audience was thoroughly worked up. Bolton added that his current situation reminded him of growing up in rural Mississippi where “racism dripped like honey from a tree.”
Three excerpts from Black sermons that day:
Baby, if they comefor Bolton, they ’ll come for your behind tomorrow, so everyone needs to be concerned when there’s injustice. ...He was demoralized and criminalized by a mayor who has no relationship with the truth. ‘Laura Killer ’ [Mayor Laura Miller] ... who after the election said she would reach out to black folk. —The Reverend Frederick D. Haynes
This is a necessary conflict because this conflict has to do with [the Black] community that has been offended, misunderstood [and] taken for granted. —The Reverend L. Charles Stovall
Dallas is a racist city and what are we going to do about it? ... What Terrell Bolton is facing is not a solo thing. We
want to send a signal to this city that we ’re not going to take it anymore. ...Mr. Benavides was the gun, but Laura Miller was the person pulling the trigger. —The Reverend Stephen Nash
All over Dallas, Black preachers collected money for Bolton’s lawsuit against the city.
Wednesday, 3 September. A crowd of mostly Blacks led by preachers marched on Dallas City Hall singing, We Shall Overcome and demanded that Bolton be reinstated, Benavides be fired, and Mayor Miller be recalled.
Amazingly, throughout the situation Blacks have attacked Mayor Miller rather than City Manager Benavides. So great is their hate for “Whitey” that they must always blame a White. Whites are the target for their hate and violence, y
Promoting a mediocre officer will only insure his incompetence at the higher level.
Fayetteville, NC, Police Officer Christopher Young had sex with five women he arrested. He was originally charged with rape and kidnapping but found “not guilty” in state court. In the fall of 2003, he will be tried in Federal Court for violating the five women’s civil rights. He admits to having sex with women under the “color” of the law but says it was consentual and was just a little error in judgment on his part. He was fired from Fayetteville’s police department, y
Hollywood, SC—24 August 2003. Five-year county Detention Officer Cassandra T. Washington, 26, returned to her home at 4:30 a.m. from a night out on the town. She was confronted by her waiting husband, Curtis, and an argument started. She threw a box of cereal at him, then a chair. She grabbed a knife with an 8-inch blade and attacked him, slashing him deeply across the palm. She was arrested and charged with “criminal domestic violence of a high and aggravated nature.”
Child rapist sentenced
Lenwood Burke, 41, started raping his stepdaughter when she was only 8 and continued for years until he was finally convicted of rape and aggravated indecent assault. In July 2003, he was sentenced to 11 to 22 years in prison. Burke was a officer on the Philadelphia police force and was fired in August 2002, when he was arrested for the rapes, y
Moving?
Please send us your change of address. You don’t want to miss a single action issue.
tElpmberbolt • © 2003
?£bunberbolt December 2003	11
Violent death & survival in the 21st Century
Pervert kills 5-year-old girl
Knife killer on the loose
Athens, GA—August 2003. Police continue to search for the killer of Pamela Crisler. Ms Crisler was found stabbed to death and nearly naked in the bedroom of her apartment in August 2002. Crisler was a mental health and substance abuse counselor. Athens police say the man on the left is either the killer or knows who the killer is.y
To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico.
On Euphemisms 1
“Homeless” is a euphemism for bum. A bum is still a no good, dirty burden, and a risk to others, no matter what you call him.
Gay is a euphemism intended to legitimize homos. And, at first, it wasn’t a pejorative. But now, when you hear someone say “Lamont is gay,” it has the same negative meaning as “homo.” The media can call them what they want, but they are still just queers.
“African-American” is a euphemism invented to make Blacks look better. “Blacks” was a euphemism invented to make Afro-Americans look better. “Afro-Americans” was a euphemism invented to make Negroes look better.
The object being described is the same, and it will never change. Changing words is only a temporary mask of reality.
On 15 July 2002, 5-year-old Samantha Runnion was dragged screaming and kicking into his car by a “Hispanic man.” He had told her he was looking for his Chihuahua and lured her closer to his car. At the time, she was playing in Stanton, California, with a little friend who witnessed the kidnapping. Police say she was taken to the Comfort Inn in Temecula, brutally raped, driven to another location, and murdered by asphyxiation. The predator took her to a third location and buried her so shallow that her grave was obvious. The police believe the killer was posing her to be found.
This is a police sketch of the monster who kidnapped little Samantha Runnion. He deserves to die. No little girl is safe as long as he and his kind are allowed to run free. Allowing the likes of him to run loose is like allowing pit bulls to run loose.
Police believe this smug-looking Mexican, Alejandro Avila, is the man in the sketch and the man who kidnapped, raped and murdered little Samantha Runnion.
Four days later, police arrested Alejandro Avila, 28, who had previously beaten a trial for child molestation. Prosecutors appear to have a good case against the clever Avila, but it is not yet a solid case. His trial is tentatively set for January 2003.
Samantha’s killer must be caught and executed. And all those like him must be eliminated from our living space. There is no room for even one Mexican in the places where we keep our children.
According to her family’s Internet website: “Samantha Runnion was a beautiful, bright and joyful little girl. She loved to read for fun, write stories, paint, draw, play her guitar, sing and dance. Most of all she loved to play games with her family and friends. She approached each day as a new adventure, eager to learn and play. Samantha looked forward to growing up and being a mommy and a teacher. She was a precious gift to all who knew her.”
Samantha Runnion was nobody’s fool and had been trained to watch out for perverts, and to fight and run. But the deviant who kidnapped her was just a little too clever and fast, and Samantha did not get away.
12 QEfyunberbolt ©emnber 2003
© 2003 • QTInmbeibolt
81-year-old killed in home invasion
Predator kills young mother with 11 pound ice chunk
Prosecutor breaks promise; killer only goes to reform school
Thomas Vargas (left) killed Veda Sutton (right) for her money, credit cards, jewelry, and car.
On 25 October 2002, 15-year-old Thomas Vargas had his girlfriend gain access to Veda Sutton’s Pearland, Texas, home by pretending to need to use the telephone. Vargas then invaded and cruelly beat and stabbed the old woman to death before stealing her money, jewelry, credit cards and car.
During Vargas’ trial, Bruce | Lushbough, Mrs. Sutton’s nephew, testified, “Veda Sutton has been described as an elderly, 81-year-old female. What a false picture that presents. Veda was a vital, vibrant woman, young at heart, mind and body. She was giving and caring, and a help to anyone who needed it.” Her family complained that during the trial Vargas was making faces at them and otherwise acting up. The judge didn’t W seem to notice.
On 14 August 2003, Vargas, after f having been tried as an adult, was sentenced to life in prison. It will cost a . minimum of $2 million to keep him I locked up if he has a normal life I expectancy, y
In over 90% of the cases in Thunderbolt, the predators’ and illegals’ lawyers, both for trial and endless appeals, are paid with your taxes.
Dennis Gumbs
On 3 January 2003 at about 7:20 p.m., the Cowells were returning home from a one day ski trip in their minivan. William Cowell was driving. His wife Elaine, 33, was in the passenger seat and their three children—Jon, 10; Christa, 8; and Andrew, 5—were in the back mostly asleep.
They were almost home and on Route 22 near Allentown, PA, when William caught a glimpse of something on the overpass above them. It looked like a silhouette throwing something off. He thought they had gotten past it. Suddenly the whole windshield went white with cracks and the passenger side caved in. A piece of ice as big as a basketball, weighing 11 pounds, had come though the windshield and crushed Elaine’s chest. She died within a few minutes. It was a horrible death with her chest crushed in and unable to breathe. And her three youngsters witnessed it.
Four days later, state police charged Dennis Gumbs, 15, with homicide, and four counts of reckless endangerment. The spokesman said, “Gumbs stopped, lifted a large chunk of ice from the roadway, rested the chunk of ice on the railing of the overpass, waited for a vehicle to approach and pushed the ice chunk over the rail.”
The prosecutor insisted he would make sure Gumbs got tried as an adult, but in August 2003, he said that Gumbs would be tried as a juvenile, and that the
Elaine Cowell loved children and home schooled her three. Children were the center of her life. She was a Cub Scout den mother and a volunteer at the library. “Avery loving, caring person” is how friends described her.
most he could get is five years in reform school. Gumbs pleaded not guilty.
The highway department is going to build 11 foot fences on the overpass. That’s the way most overpasses and bridges already are in areas where predators live. But the predators will just find new ways of killing young mothers like Elaine Cowell. There is no place safe in America, not our highways, homes, workplaces, schools, or recreation areas. And it is almost always those who can’t fight back that are attacked. S
The Vikings in Iceland invented courts for the sole purpose of preventing kinsmen from taking revenge on outsiders. When the courts fail, all bets are off. —Editor
QCbunberbolt • © 2003
ODbunberbolt December 2003	13
Predators attack those who can’t fight back
4 of 5 Indiana-Michigan border raiders captured: home invasion gang terrorized the elderly
Four of the five members of the northern Indiana terrorist gang responsible for at least 12 home invasions. Left to right: Anthony Wilson, 26, Dejaun Lowe, 26, Michael C. Dameron, 22, and Jonathon Hayes, 28. Police only have the name “Fookie” for the fifth member.
On 14 August 2003, South Bend, Indiana, police captured Michael Dameron the fourth member of a gang that was allegedly responsible for terroristic home invasions on both sides of the Indiana-Michigan border. Five local police agencies participated in the search for the highly mobile raiders. One, known to
police only as “Fookie,” remains a fugitive. The armed gang almost exclusively targeted the elderly, broke into their homes, threatened them at gunpoint, and wrapped them up with duct tape. Although police are confident that this is the most active gang operating in the area, they are beefing up patrols./^
75-year-old Georgia Hoover was one of the few elderly victims willing to tell her story. She has Parkinson’s disease and her 81-year-old husband suffers from Alzheimer’s, yet they were threatened with guns, wrapped up with duct tape, and robbed by the gang. She said that as the criminals left, one turned and said, “Pray for me.”
College student killed in race-motivated baseball bat attack
College student Reigh Carl Ellis, 20, and several of his Black friends went to a party near the campus of Butte College, in Oroville, California. He got into an argument with a White student and broke his jaw. The White boys at the party told the Blacks to leave and chased them home. Both sides used racial pejoratives in calling names. One of the Whites threw a rock through Ellis’ apartment window and the Whites left. Ellis and his friends emerged armed with baseball bats looking for the Whites.
Student Randal Clark, a White, who had not been involved in the previous conflict, came out of his apartment. The Blacks demanded that he tell them where the Whites had gone. He didn’t know, and words were exchanged. Ellis swung his bat and hit Clark in the back of the head. Clark fell, and Ellis stood over him and beat him in the head three to five times with powerful blows. Clark never regained consciousness and died.
14 (Kfyunberbolt December 2003
While this may look like a simple case of first-degree murder, it wasn’t. Willie Hyman, the Black president of the Butte Community Coalition, a “civil rights” group, showed up at Ellis’ initial arraignment. He made demands including moving the trial to an urban area where the jury would have plenty of Blacks. Hyman pointed the finger at the district attorney and local police saying that they were “racist and corrupt” and that “black people don’t get fair trials in this county.” District Attorney Mike Ramsey countered by saying that, “If there’s a racist in this county, it’s Mr. Hyman.” Hyman then sued Ramsey for $500,000 for defamation.
Ellis made a plea bargain for second-degree murder, by which he avoided first-degree murder charges and the assault charges for breaking the first student’s jaw. He tried to renege, has complained of racism, gone through three court appointed attorneys, and is filing several appeals, y
“I came to Butte College for the purpose of secondary education and now find myself at the mercy of a county which has a past history of racial prejudicial problems.”
—Reigh Carl Ellis, 21, college student
??????????!
xxxxxxxxxxx
© 2003 • tKIjunberboIt
Violent death & su. vival ln the 2ls?S!^
$10.50/hour Brinks guard killed with .25-caliber
Eric Rigney, 28, (left) wanted to be a cop, but it’s hard for a White male to get on a police department without experience. Work as a security guard is usually considered experience, so Rigney took a job as a guard on an armored truck with Brinks. On 29 November 2001, Rigney was to deliver money to a branch of the Union Federal Savings Bank in the Marsh Supermarket in Indianapolis. He was ambushed by Clayton M. Brown, 33, who was wearing a ski mask and dark clothing. Rigney, who was not wearing an armored vest, was shot three times in the chest and three times in the back, with a .25-caliber autoloader, and killed.
Brown grabbed the money bag containing $ 18,645 and escaped in a Ford Bronco. Some blocks away, he switched to a tan pickup but was spotted by a witness.
Brinks offered a $100,000 reward and someone turned Brown in. He had a tan pickup, it had spent .25-caliber casings in the back, and police found a .25 in Brown’s home. The ballistics matched those of the gun that was used to kill Rigney.
Brown was convicted on 21 August 2003 and sentenced to 66 years in prison. The jury found that the murder was not premeditated, which eliminated a life without parole sentence. Rigney’s wages were $10.50 per hour at Brinks and in another 30 days he would have been issued an armored vest.


Underreported rural mass murder of 4
Darryl Brown owns a home in rural Gaston County, NC, in a bedroom community where people commute to Charlotte. His houseguest for the last two weeks had been Billy Collins, a small time drug dealer. On the afternoon of 20 August, they had three women and a man visiting. The man was Keith Lavoris Hall, 24, who had bonded out of jail for $ 10,000 on two charges of assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill. All are White except Mr. Hall who is Black. At 5:00 p.m. Brown left. When he returned at 8:00 p.m., Hall was gone, and the four Whites had been killed “execution style,” with single shots to the head. Police say both .45-caliber and 9mm pistols were used in the murders. The only gun found in the home was one legally registered to Brown.
The next day, Thursday, Hall spent $1,500 at two local stores and rented a
Keith Lavoris Hall, 24, (left) allegedly killed four people including Melissa Petrie, 23, (center) and Billy Collins, 34 (right). Hall stole a few thousand dollars and was arrested two days later. 1
new apartment. Police with weapons drawn surrounded the apartment on Friday, and forced Hall to surrender after a brief standoff. Police recovered his blood-spattered tennis shoes and blue jeans from a trash can at the apartments. Brown was charged with four counts of first-degree murder. Police say the motive
Carjacker still wanted for killing mother of three
On 24 May 2001 at about 1:45 p.m., Debra Anderson, 48, mother of three, was pumping gas into her 2001 Chevy Impala at a Murphy USA Mart in Savannah, Georgia. Witnesses say a young, thin black man, about 6 feet tall, weighing around 140 pounds, carjacked her vehicle. She tried to stop him by grabbing the steering wheel and was thrown to the ground. The thief then ran over her, killing her. Her Impala was found the next day. Police say the young man had short-cropped, curly hair. Police have no leads and the reward for Mrs. Anderson’s murderer continues slowly to grow. y
was robbery and that the three women just happened to be visiting at the wrong time.
Hall has been in and out of reform schools, prisons and mental institutions since he was 12. He is said to be a paranoid schizophrenic and takes several types of psychiatric medications daily. He also receives a nice fat disability check and has never worked a day in his life.
Keith Lavoris Hall is typical of many Black criminals. He has diagnosed mental problems for which he takes medicine. And he is just plain stupid and irrational. He knew the homeowner, Brown, could place him at the scene of the crime, making him the top suspect. He went on a spending spree the next day, and he failed to dispose secretly of his blood-spattered clothing. Hall and all predators like him are just mad dogs that wander our country and may kill or rape at any moment. y
flCIjunberUolt December 2003	1	5
5 predators carjack-murder 2 college students for $18
Jason Burgeston, 20, was a college student at St. Cloud State University in Minnesota. He had come home for the summer to work. In his previous summers, he worked at a golf course, where he washed cars and worked common labor. This summer, he had a better job at a merchandise testing laboratory, but he had only worked one day before he was murdered. His father remembers him as a kid who liked to play hockey and football and whose ambition was to be a disk jockey. When police told Jason’s dad that his son had been murdered, the dad was so distraught that he punched the wall of his home and broke his hand.
Amy Shute, 21, dropped out of college for a semester to save money working fulltime at a textile factory and living with her grandmother. Her grandmother says little Amy was her best buddy. She was only three semesters from graduating. She was beautiful and as gentle as they come. She still loved the Winnie the Pooh character and died hiding her engagement ring in her tiny fist.
Predators do not belong in the same country as do our little Amys.
The night of Friday, 8 June 2000 had been a slow one in Providence, Rhode Island, for the five predators. They had seen only two helpless-looking victims. They almost got one at an ATM, but a security guard happened along at just the wrong time. Then they spotted a man alone, but the flashing yellow lights of a tow truck frightened the five off. They continued to prowl until they spotted two young college-looking people heading for their 1991 Ford Explorer. Amy Shute, 21, Jason Burgeson, 20, and seven other young friends had enjoyed a night of dancing at the Bootleggers night club.
At gunpoint, the five forced the couple into the back seat of the SUV. One predator, Gregory Floyd, 19, drove them to a golf course, followed by another vehicle containing the other four. At the golf course, they robbed Amy of the only $ 10 she had in her purse; Burgeson didn’t have any money on him, but they took the $8 he had in the change cup in his Explorer.
Then the five argued among themselves as to whether to execute the young couple. The couple begged for their lives. Amy secretly took off her engagement ring and hid it in her hand.
These are the five killers. The first two were roommates. Starting on the left: 1. Gregory Floyd, 19, actually shot the two college students. He’s so stupid that he was caught the same day driving the stolen vehicle and with the original license plates. 2. Kenneth Day, 21, is an exceptionally hateful man who glares at the media with looks that could kill. Day was the only one who pleaded innocent to the Federal charges and was acquitted. However, he s
in prison for 40 years for three other robberies. Day still faces Rhode Island charges in the murder of the students. The other three men are Raymond Anderson, 19, Sammie Sanchez, 20, and Harry Burdick, 21, but we cannot match the names with the faces. Three of the men are Black, one is an “Hispanic” and the man on the right may be White or Hispanic. Floyd, Burdick, and Sanchez were sentenced to “life without parole,” and Anderson got 30 years.
© 2003 • GHninberbolt
Burgeson was sitting cross legged and Amy was sitting behind him hugging him when Floyd executed them. Using his .40-caliber semiautomatic pistol, he shot Burgeson in the head twice and little Amy in the head once.
The five took the Explorer to an all-night gas station and filled the tank with the $ 18. They continued lurking until they split up and went home.
At 1 p.m., later that same day, three golf course employees spotted the bodies. Amy’s cold, little hand still clutched her engagement ring. Police immediately put out a bulletin to find Burgeson’s Explorer. At 9:00 p.m., they spotted it. The five had not bothered to change the license plate. They arrested the driver, Gregory Floyd. Under questioning, Floyd quickly broke down and blamed one of the other four for the actual shooting. Police soon had the whole gang rounded up.
Since Rhode Island doesn’t have the death penalty, the Feds offered to try the case in Federal court under a statute where the death penalty can be applied to murder resulting from a carjacking. Four of the killers pled guilty, which meant they couldn’t get the death penalty. Three got “life without parole” and the fourth got only 30 years, because he had cooperated more than the others.
Kenneth Day, 21, pled not guilty, and the Federal prosecutors bragged they had Day cold. But U.S. District Court Judge Ronald R. Lagueux acquitted Day because the Federal statute says the prosecutor must prove that the killer(s) had intended to kill the victim before the carjacking took place, which is almost impossible to prove. Essentially, the Federal caijacking law is meaningless and every Senator and Representative, who voted for it, knew it. It is just another fake law intended to placate conservative sheep and make the legislators look like defenders of justice and law and order.
Day was, however, convicted for a string of other vicious robberies including one where the teenage victim was held at gunpoint and severely beaten with a baseball bat. He got 40 years for those crimes. On 29 August 2002, Rhode Island indicted Gregory Day for the murder of the two students 26 months before.
In a decent country ruled by decent people, all five predators would have been executed within 30 days of the crime. But this is not a decent country. We will never
make it one by acting like sheep and voting in elections where the controlled media decides who the candidates are. y
Predator stabs news director 77 times in rape attempt
	MHGfl
	
II*ji||	an Hg| npn
11111 WM	
	n
	
HpligU	ISil mk .*««*]
	' C
Danielle Cipriani, 31, left. Right is her mother waiting for the jury to convict Danielle’s murderer.
On 28 August 2002, a Tampa, FL, jury convicted Melvin Givens in the brutal murder of Danielle Cipriani. In the early morning hours of 7 July 2001, he watched her through the blinds of her condo, and then convinced her to open her door. He forced his way in and tried to rape her. She got away and ran to steps leading upstairs, where they fought again. She got away a second time and got to the bedroom, but he forced his way in, where he again tried to rape her. Again he failed, so he tied her up. Givens took a towel and went downstairs. In the kitchen, he got a butcher knife with an 8-inch blade, wrapped the handle with the towel to hide his fingerprints, and went back upstairs.
He repeatedly stabbed her naked and helpless body. She had many scratches from near misses, and he actually stabbed her 77 times. Then he left. She lay helpless at the foot of her bed and slowly bled to death.
He stole a few items, maybe a $100 worth, before he left. Later that same day he tried to steal a bicycle from a garage. The homeowner got on another bicycle, ran him down, and held him for police.
He was still in jail for that, when on 12 July, the police found a fingerprint of his in Cipriani’s condo. Then, they found another fingerprint. At his home, they found her bloody T-shirt and some of her
property. He confessed and drew officers a map of the inside of her condo. y
Melvin Givens, 25, is an evil predator. As he was giving his confession to police, he started laughing. When they asked why he was laughing, he said, “I’m just thinking about the look on her face when she knew what was going to happen to her.” Givens stabbed her 77 times with a large butcher knife; then he left her to bleed to death. During his trial, he laughed at the prosecutor. Other times, he would stare at the jury with a blank gaze. And sometimes, he would even giggle and snicker.
Givens was unemployed and slept in the same bedroom as his mother. The night he slaughtered Danielle, he got tired of waiting for his mother to come home so that he could get her to buy him a beer. And like many of the Black criminals in Thunderbolt, he was taking drugs for mental conditions—in his case, schizophrenia and depression.
Givens had been in trouble with the law since 1994 for offenses such as prowling, burglary, theft, trespassing, resisting arrest and credit card fraud. In other words, he is a predatory
t£i)unberbolt • © 2003
HTbunberbolt December 2003	1	7
Immigration
Tom Ridge authorizes 290,000 Salvadorans to stay in the U.S.
On 16 July 2003, professional politician Tom Ridge authorized 290,000 El Salvadorans to continue their “temporary” stay in the U.S. The U.S. brought the Salvadorans here in 2001 using the excuse of a major earthquake. Ridge said 75% of the highways and 170,000 homes down there are not yet rebuilt. This is despite billions in massive aid to this tiny backward country.
The truth is they don’t need the homes, because they don’t plan on going back. Ridge knows it, and so does every politician in the U.S.
Tom Ridge is supposed to be head of Homeland Security. How does deliberately keeping 290,000 Salvadorans here increase our security? y
El Salvador Flag
Immigrants in Minnesota	
According to the Census Bureau, the following immigrants were in Minnesota in 2000. Note that there are not enough Europeans immigrants even	
to make the list.	
Asian Indians	19,147
Chinese	18,632
Vietnamese	20,209
Hmong	46,255
Koreans	15,638
Mexicans	95,481
Subsaharan Africans 43,532	
44 illegals caught working at Air Force Academy
On 15 July 2003, U.S. Marshals moved in on the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs with warrants to arrest 44 illegal aliens working there for contractors. They arrested 27, but the other 17 were tipped off and escaped. The warrants were for using false identification. Several months before, agents caught 110 illegals working at the Denver Airport.
The government rarely bothers with arresting illegals. In this case, they thought it was good politics because the Air Force Academy is considered a sensitive installation and a potential target for terrorists. Defense analysts say the illegals constituted a “major breach of security.”
Our government, of course, had taxpayer-paid, court-appointed lawyers and interpreters waiting to assist the illegals fight deportation. Denver Mexican Consulate spokesman Mario Hernandez said they are watching closely to protect their citizens and make sure that the INS follows every detail of the law before deporting. Of the 27 arrested, 24 are Mexicans. Within hours, proimmigration activists were accusing the Marshals of racism since those arrested were all Latinos.
One politician, Republican U.S. Representative Wayne Allard, commented on the 27 arrests. He said, “Today’s action shows we are making progress for our homeland security.” What a joke. Since 11 September 2001 an estimated 1,000,000 illegals have come into the U.S. and stayed. Allard and the rest of the crooks in Washington are making progress in turning the U.S. over to the swarms of illegals flooding into the U.S. and rapidly reproducing, y
thunderboltoftruth. net thunderboltoftruth.com & .org Three sites maintained by volunteers Check mailing status of each new issue on thunderboltoftruth.net.
Mexican attacks 38 women INS plans to deport again
In Oklahoma City, Erison C. Torrez, 20, attacked women, usually joggers, but he also attacked women who were shopping. A typical attack for him was to come up behind a woman, grab her, overpower her, and fondle her breasts. He attacked women ages 19 to 47. Torrez was previously deported in 2001 but came back in just three months. He lives with a pregnant girlfriend. His last victim’s uncle ran Torrez down and and held him for police.
If Torrez gets a prison sentence, it will be short, and then he will be deported again. We can’t afford to keep 10,000,000 illegals in prison. One hundred years ago, Torrez would have been hung from the nearest tree.
Deputized Florida cops arrest 165 illegals
It is illegal for a state or local police officer to arrest an illegal. Local police cannot hold an illegal alien unless they can prove he has broken a law, such as drunken driving, rape, or assault. In an experimental program, the Federal government deputized 35 Florida police officers to make arrests. The big catch was they could only arrest illegals who were endangering the security of the U.S. An illegal working at an airport is a security risk, but one not working or working in a bar is not a security risk. Nevertheless, the officers caught 165 security-risk illegals in one year. Had they been turned loose to round up any illegals, the 35 could have caught thousands, but that will never happen. The politicians don’t want them caught.
We can’t solve the illegal problem, unless we solve its causes. The causes are politicians and the media. They must be eliminated first, y
Two-thirds of U.S. citizens want the army to patrol the border. If this is a democracy, why have the politicians prevented it? Who rules America?
© 2003 • tElmnberbolt
They just come here to work
Immigration comments
Immoral employers want illegals. They can pay them little and treat them like dirt. They avoid all payroll taxes, overhead, etc. These traitors range from the big poultry plant firms, employing tens of thousand of illegals, down to the little farmer employing one. There is no legitimate excuse for immigration crime, nor is any punishment for it too severe.
Greedy consumers want illegals. If the illegals were kicked out, the price of a meal at a fast-food joint would go up 500 or even more, greedy consumers argue. These Judases would sell out America for the equivalent of one-tenth ounce of silver.
Do illegals perform work that Americans refuse to do? This is partly true. Many of our unemployed are too lazy, too undependable, or too 1 incompetent to work. This is especially true of Blacks and U.S.-born Mexicans. One analyst estimates that it would take wages of $25/hour to attract a significant number of unemployed Blacks. Many of the illegals don’t work either.
Illegals are criminals. Just by coming here they have violated the law and are criminals. Why should we expect these criminals to obey our other laws?
Illegals don’t contribute to the economy. California alone is losing $7 billion per year in the underground economy, centered around illegals. In Southern California, 20% of the economy is underground.
The barrio-ghetto has arrived in the U.S. In the Central Valley of California, there are towns that are all Mexican, up to 97%. Despite assistance from the state, the water and sewer systems there are breaking down.
Illegals are a burden. A 1997 National Research Council study showed that each native California household was paying $l,178/year in state and local taxes to support immigrants. And it has gotten far worse since them.
Los Angeles County’s medical system is collapsing. There are 2.5 million Mexicans in the area and 950,000 of them are illegals. Of those coming to the hospitals, 25% don’t pay anything. They have no money, no insurance, and aren’t covered under any welfare program. Senator Diane Feinstein is demanding almost $1 billion from the Federal government to prop up LA hospitals for another year.
Politicians are inventing new words. All “immigration reform” legislation amounts to amnesty for millions. Bush and Vicente Fox tried to call it “regularization.” Don’t be fooled by the latest euphemisms invented by these liars, y
U.S. work visas for sale
In 1992, Rejean LeDuc (citizenship unknown, may hold Haitian and/or Canadian citizenship) tried to slip into the U.S. but was stopped by immigration officials and turned back because of white collar crimes in Canada including insurance fraud. He slipped into the U.S. and began selling work visas to enter the U.S. to illegal aliens for $1,200 to $5,000 each. To get the visas, he had to create phony companies to hire the immigrants, and phony histories for the immigrants that would make them appear to be technical experts. This included fake personal tax returns, diplomas, reference letters, and work histories. He has been charged in only 24 cases of the 100 or more that the government knows about. He quickly posted a $300,000 bond and is still on the streets of the U.S. The illegal immigrants who were part of this criminal scheme are not being rounded up and deported by the government. Apparently, they are considered just innocent pawns, y
There is no legitimate excuse for immigration crime; nor is any punishment for it too severe.
Deported Mexicans walking across bridge back to Mexico
The illegal immigration invasion cannot be stopped without violence. There is no workable political solution within the current government. Are you going to admit defeat?
Two-thirds of U.S. citizens want the army to patrol the border. If this is a democracy, why have the politicians prevented it? Who rules America?
The greedy liars at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports a new amnesty for millions of illegals, and says, “There are approximately 10 million undocumented workers employed throughout the country who are working hard and performing tasks that most Americans take for granted but won’t do themselves.”
This is patently false. There are about 10 million illegals, but most of them don’t work. Many are little children and are in our schools. There are also many nonworking illegal mothers who are producing more babies. Many of the men are professional criminals. Other men only work part time. And many of those who do work fulltime are not “hard working.’*y
{Ebunberbolt • © 2003
tEtyunfeerbolt December 2003	1	9
Immigration
Minneapolis: Somali taxi drivers demand protection
In less than a month in the summer of 2003, two Somali immigrant cab drivers in Minneapolis were shot to death by African-Americans. Killed were Mohammed Ahmed Saleh and Ahmed Ahmed. Somalis are demanding police protection. They claim there are 20-30 drug dealers per block. The city responded by saying Minneapolis is one of the safest cities of its size. It’s also one of the Whitest cities of its size.
Omar Jamal, the leader of the Somalis, said, “It’s so emotional, I cannot control my emotions now.” The INS has been trying to deport Jamal for Immigration fraud, but it’s still tied up in the courts.
Omar Jamal
r™— —— — — — — — — — —n I How long before the I Mexican flag flies over California?
Let it be known that it happened on our watch. We must accept total responsibility for this catastrophe. We must act within the next few years. There can be no excuses.
Cayce, SC fights Somali Bantu invasion
The Lutheran Family Services hired a Baptist preacher named Richard Robinson to force 120 Somali Bantu families on Cayce, SC. [Cayce is pronounced KAY-see.] Robinson picked Cayce because he could get nice homes for the Bantus for only $400 per month. The Federal grants and money from churches pays for the Bantu’s homes, transportation, food, living expenses, etc.
Ann Malpass circulated a flyer and called the Bantus “a primitive, tribal people.” She set up a town meeting for June 2003. More than 250 showed up at City Hall to demand that the Lutherans and Baptists find somewhere else to plant their Africans.
The 120 were part of George Bush’s latest wave of 12,000 Bantu tribesmen that he’s bringing to the U.S. His partners in this crime are the mainstream Christian churches. Bantus have never used a flush toilet and use their hand to wipe their butts. In Somali, they are considered the least intelligent and least ambitious of the Somali tribes, and they are also the Blackest tribe.
On Euphemisms 3
“Latino” is a euphemism invented to make “Hispanics” look better. “Hispanics” was a euphemism invented to make Mexicans and the others look better. But the typical Mexican is still just an Indian or a half-breed.
“Undocumented worker” is a euphemism used to make illegal aliens look better.
Now the Politically Correct crowd wants to call them “unauthorized workers” to make undocumented workers look better.
But a wetback is a wetback and most of them don’t work anyhow.
The object being described is the same, and it will never change. Changing words is only a temporary mask of reality.
The history of the Bantus is interesting. They were Blacks from various tribes in the African jungles. Other Blacks sold them to the Arabs that ruled Somalia. After formal slavery ended, the Bantus became free but were always held in low esteem because of their inability to perform constructive work. More recently, the Bantu’s AK-47 warriors got defeated in tribal warfare, and they became refugees, high on Clinton’s and Bush’s list to bring to America. The Bantus are the kind of people that both the Republicans and the Democrats want to populate America with.
Reverend Robinson now plans to force only 60 Bantu families on Cayce. But a few Whites there are still resisting. The other 60 he’s sending to nearby Columbia where the government and schools are so corrupt that they actually are welcoming the tribesmen. Cayce is 75% White and 23% Black.M
Bantu’s bring new ideas in disciplining kids to America
In Columbus, Ohio, they are finding out that the Somali Bantu “refugees” are almost like American Blacks. The parents try to cling to the Bantu version of the Moslem religion, but the children want to be Black Americans. Mohamed Shide has five children, and the oldest child attends sixth grade. Neither parent knows exactly how old she is, maybe 12 or 13. When she would go to school, she would change out of her Moslem garb and dress in the latest Black trash fashion. In July 2003, Mr. Shide caught her standing and talking to a boy. He was outraged. He was taken to court, because he allegedly slapped the girl, held a pocket knife to her throat, and then threatened her with a butcher knife. X
The strong man is strongest when he stands alone.
20 GTbunberbolt December 2003
© 2003 • GTlninbrrbolt
Koreans flood across remote section of Canadian border
The first commercial smuggling of illegal aliens along the remote wilderness border between Canada and Eastern Washington State took place in 2000, when nearly two dozen Koreans ran across the border. Since then, Koreans have been pouring across the border. The Border Patrol manages to catch only about 120 per year. There are only 1,000 agents for the 4,000 mile border and most of them are concentrated at major
crossings or near populated areas. The rural border is virtually unwatched.
Korean smugglers like Byoung Suk Kim can charge down rural dirt roads with loads of 5 to 21 Koreans. The chances of getting caught are slim. One illegal was ejected from Kim’s vehicle and killed during a wild border crossing near Oroville, Washington. Kim was arrested and faces vehicular homicide charges.
The Koreans simply get on a plane from Korea to Vancouver, Canada. Canada does not require a visa for any South Korean. Then the Korean smuggler takes them across the border. Korean criminals find it an easy escape from Korea, y
Blacks as a race, both male and female, specialize in public crying and hysterics as a survival technique.
Judge: 2,700 Somali criminals can stay in U.S.
In July 2003, a despicable Seattle Federal judge, named Marsha Pechman, said the INS could not deport any of the known 2,700 illegal Somalis, even those who are convicted, violent felons. Her reasoning is that, since the INS cannot prove that the Somalis already deported are safe in Somalia, it cannot deport any more. The INS began releasing the criminals the next day.y
Bush says, ‘They just come to the U.S. to work’
Armando Valencia ran one of Mexico’s many drug cartels until he got on the wrong side of the Vicente Fox forces.
The Department of Justice says a whole cartel of Mexicans came here for the “sole purpose” of distributing and trafficking in hundreds of millions of dollars in illegal drugs. The Valencia cartel (Millennium Cartel) in Mexico got on the wrong side of the ruling Foxistas, which arrested Armando Valencia while U.S. authorities arrested 51 of his illegal alien drug dealers in Georgia, Texas, and Tennessee. The government hasn’t said how many of Valencia’s gunmen they missed in this sweep.
Also seized was 25,000 pounds of marijuana, 262 kilograms of cocaine, 11.9
kilograms of methamphetamine, and $3.4 million in cash. Atlanta was the center of Valencia’s U.S. operation, because it is an Interstate highway hub and allows for rapid movement of drugs, cash, illegals, prostitutes, and guns.
Bush, Lieberman, McCain, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the NAACP, and the rest of the “open borders” crowd are just a pack of pathological liars. Most illegal aliens do not come here to work. Most of the wetbacks come to the U.S. to collect welfare, murder, rape, sell drugs, or engage in prostitution, y
African refugee flood expected gradually to replace Jewish refugee flood
Paul Stein, Jewish director of the Rocky Mountain Survivors Center, is trying to keep the floodgates of legal refugees open. The first wave, starting back in the 1970s, was Vietnamese. Then the Jews from the former Soviet Union were given “refugee” status and poured into the U.S. by the hundreds of
thousands. The new wave will be mostly African. Today, Jewish immigrants still outnumber Africans five to one.
But Stein and other open borders advocates are concerned that the flood of African refugees will be slowed because of post-9/11 security checks. It seems the Somali Muslims are having trouble
passing the checks. So the immigration activists are shifting their focus to non-Muslim African Blacks from Liberia, the Congo, and other sub-Saharan countries.
Waiting to flood into the U.S. are an estimated 13 million primitive tribe members who, by losing tribal wars, meet the refugee definition, y
tKliunberbolt • © 2003
(Ebunberbolt December 2003	21
America’s schools today
Waste & corruption in building Houston’s schools
The Houston Independent School District (HISD) boasts that it has no legal obligation to pick minority contractors to build schools. Yet, they waste tens if not hundreds of millions doing it anyway. In the July 2003 awarding of $809 million in construction contracts, HISD board President Kevin Hoffman lobbied for and pushed for a Black-Hispanic consortium to get the biggest contract, which they did. In addition to Hoffman, they had fighting for them Black and Hispanic members of the city council and Black and Hispanic Texas state representatives and senators.
The “White” contractors had to commit to subcontracting 25% to 40% to minority firms. The firms that they call “White” are for the most part large and publicly owned (stock exchange) firms, which all practice affirmative action. The only “White” contractor that got a major contract was the one pledging the most to minorities, 40%. Among the criteria that bidders were judged on were community involvement, team makeup, team chemistry, minority assistance historical performance, and minority subcontracting plan of action.
In addition, the winning minority firm openly stated that, to help win, it had
Houston Independent School District President Kevin Hoffman did everything he could to insure that his pet minority-owned firm got the largest contract.
poured money into political campaigns and had “greased” the process with some unspecified cash expenditures.
The HISD is an example of multiracial mass democracy in action. Can any other system be worse? If you were dictator, could you do a more efficient and less corrupt job? If we still had a republic where only responsible White men could vote, wouldn’t it be a much better country? X
Criminals distrust the police and so do criminals races.
Elementary school principal molests child
On 5 September 2003, the principal of Murphey Candler Elementary School in DeKalb County, Georgia, was sentenced to ten years for cruelty to children. On 23 February 2003, a school security officer caught Principal Thomas L. Hudson, 36, in the parking lot with an underage boy at 2:30 a.m.
It is hard to change human nature. Different humans and different races have different natures. We cannot assume that everyone is like us, or that, if they had been raised like us, they would turn out the way we did. Usually, they turn out the way nature created them.
I
Colorado Student CSAP Math Scores
	5th	10th
	grade	grade
White	69%	55%
Asian	71%	40%
Hispanic	42%	14%
Black	38%	15%
Colorado Student Assessment Program (CSAP) test results were released in July 2003. Whites also were tops in reading and writing.
School teacher demographics: White woman’s burden
In August 2003, the National Education Association released its latest teacher survey. Overall, 79% of teachers are women. Whites fill 90% of slots and Blacks fill only 6%. In elementary school, 91 % of teachers are women. NEA President Reg Weaver [all three photos] thinks the large numbers of Whites and women in education is terrible. He plans to certify teachers’ aids so they can teach. Whether his desire to have more men teach elementary school is linked to the NEA’s homosexual goals, wasn’t mentioned in the NEA’s media release.S
22 QTfyunberbolt December 2003
© 2003 • GTljunberbolt
George Bush and “educators” end violence in Colorado’s schools in just one year
That is right, due to Bush’s “no child left behind” reforms, violence in Colorado’s schools declined to nearly zero in just one year. For example, 2001 ’s most violent school, Denver’s Martin Luther King Middle School, saw student fights drop from 326 in 2001 to only 14 in 2002. And in tiny Ortega Middle School in Alamosa, fights dropped from 72 to zero in just one year.
Under Bush’s “reforms,” schools that are “persistently dangerous” will be punished by partial cutbacks in Federal money. So Colorado “educators” just redefined “fight.” Now to qualify as a school fight, the fight must result in first-or second-degree criminal assault, one where someone is seriously injured. For example, fights where one or more students get skull fractures, loses eyesight, or has their teeth bashed out will be counted as fights. Your ordinary knock-down fistfight is only third-degree assault and will be counted, not as a fight, but as “other violations of code of conduct.” Sexual assault, like groping of female students in the halls and parking lots, the major pastime of minority males,
^ Gang phones bomb threat I to rural high school
In Georgia, as in many places, Black gangs now claim to be just rap groups, but the police say they are just gangs. In rural Richmond County, two of the battling “rap groups” are the Georgia Deadly Boys and the Fairington Gangsta Thugs. Violent gang fights are the order of the day.
Frederick Orlando McNeal II, 19, decided to take the war one step further. On 9 September, he called in three bomb threats to Cross Creek High School. Although, it turned out to be a hoax, school officials fear the gangs will actually resort to bombs. McNeal could get five years in prison for each count. X
President George Bush and Senator Ted Kennedy gloating over bipartisan education progress, like two peas in a pod.
is also just another “other violation of code of conduct.”
Twenty-five years ago, Republicans were opposed to any Federal involvement in education. They opposed the creation of the Department of Education, and later they tried to abolish it. But now Republicans are for a bigger and bigger role for the Federal government. They are political whores. If any reader thinks the Republicans, Democrats, or any other political party can fix our schools, they should throw Thunderbolt in the garbage and start reading Ebony and publications from the NEA.y
Teachers are among our best people; educators are among our worst.
Rapes student in classroom?
Exemplary school janitor charged with lewd and lascivious child molestation
John Arthur Groover, 38, is a school janitor at the Northshore Elementary School in Jacksonville, Florida. School officials claim he had gotten exemplary job performance ratings during his 16 years of employment.
On 20 August 2003, he allegedly molested a 5-year-old girl in the school’s girls’ bathroom. When the girl escaped from the bathroom, she told her great-grandmother in the hallway. The old woman, who was visiting the school, saw the janitor leave the bathroom, and police arrested him.
Amazingly, the school offered Groover a job, where he would not be near children, until he is tried. Instead he opted to take a leave. //
On 11 September 2003, David Lawson Franklin, 21, a Ft. Worth substitute teacher, was indicted for raping a 14-year-old female student in a classroom while other students watched. Police say they have eight signed statements to prove it. However, Reverend R. A. Toliver, pastor of the New Mount Carmel Missionary Baptist Church, now employees Franklin, a deacon, to work in the church’s youth program. Toliver says. “The whole thing is totally preposterous. ... God is going to exonerate him.”y
Cljunberbolt | © 2003
(Ebunberbolt ZDcccmber 2003	23
Austin White cop kills Black: Jesse says it’s “murder”
Early in the morning of 14 June 2003, Austin, Texas, Police Officer Scott Glasgow was patrolling in Central East Austin, the Blackest and baddest part of town. At 1:27 a.m., Glasgow spotted a Dodge Neon that had been reported stolen. He immediately radioed for backup. He had not even turned on his lights or siren when the driver of the neon pulled over on his own.
Glasgow did not know the driver was Jesse Lee Owens, 20, for whom Austin had already issued a warrant for a 2001 car theft. Owens skipped his court date on that charge. He had other infractions for drugs, wife beating, and traffic violations. Owens was also the nephew of Hazel Obey, a powerful Black political boss in Austin and a friend of Bill Clinton.
According to police, Glasgow approached the open driver’s-side window. When he saw Owens reaching toward the floor, he reached in either to grab Owens’ arm or grab the keys (accounts differ). Owens, in turn, grabbed Glasgow’s arm, and he accelerated down the street dragging Glasgow. Glasgow fired his .40-caliber pistol into Owens shoulder five times. Owens still held on for a few seconds and the car sideswiped another vehicle, jumped a curb, and hit a fence.
Owens was dead. The coroner said he doesn’t know which shot was fatal because any of them alone would have killed Owens. Glasgow was treated at the hospital for shoulder and arm injuries and released.
The Blacks went nuts but did not riot. Their tactic seems to be machine gunning questions: Why didn’t Glasgow wait for backup? Why did he resort to deadly force? Why did he reach in the Neon? Why wasn’t the backup unit there
immediately? How come his cruiser didn’t have a camera? How come things don’t ever escalate until the police arrive? Why did Glasgow shoot five times?
The media helped fan the flames with stupid questions like, “Why did a routine felony stop go bad?”
Local activists and the local NAACP agitated until they got Jesse Jackson to come to town. Jackson talked to both the prosecutor and to Police Chief Stan Knee, and then concluded that the Owens case was “murder.”
Glasgow already faces (1) a police department internal investigation, (2) a grand jury, and (3) an investigation by the independent police monitor, Iris Jones, a Black. The FBI and the Department of Justice haven’t been formally called in yet. Blacks know to wait until at least one local investigation exonerates Glasgow before crying to the Feds.
So far, the Blacks’ main demands seem to be to prosecute Glasgow and to replace Police Chief Knee, who is White, with someone who is sensitive to the wider community. In other words they are demanding a Black police chief. A
Austin Police Monitor Iris Jones and Police Chief Stan Knee. The growing use of civilian police monitors to oversee police is reminiscent of the communist system, where army and police officers were monitored by political commissars. Although there may be White police monitors, most that Thunderbolt has seen are Blacks and a few are Jews. Jones is investigating the shooting of Jesse Owens.
Austin NAACP decries shooting of unarmed Black motorist by White Sheriff’s deputy
The Austin NAACP is “very disturbed” at the shooting death of Lennon Johnson, which happened at 7:00 a.m., six weeks after the Jesse Owens shooting. Two sheriff’s deputies had tried to remove Johnson from a Dodge Neon after he had kidnapped and beaten a former girlfriend. Johnson, who had been smoking crack, fought off the deputies and roared off. One deputy, Sgt. Gregory Truitt, ended up in the passenger seat and was wrestling with Johnson, while the other deputy chased them. Truitt is White.
The fight continued inside the Neon, as Johnson drove into oncoming traffic nearly hitting several vehicles head on, including an 18-wheel fuel tanker. Johnson was trying to get the deputy’s gun, while the deputy was trying to get his pepper spray out.
Johnson turned the Neon and accelerated down a dead end street. Johnson boasted, “This is a dead-end street and we’re going to crash.” Truitt fired one bullet into Owens’ chest, killing him. The Neon jumped a curb, sheared off a fire hydrant and came to a stop on a lawn.
Mr. Johnson has a long arrest record including convictions for resisting arrest, theft, aggravated robbery, family violence, and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle. The NAACP is conducting its own investigation and parroted their usual lines including, everything was ok until the officer arrived and the situation escalated, y
24 {Ebtinberbolt Becembrr 2003
© 2003 • QEInmbcrbolt
Oceanside, California’s bloody 2003 summer
In the summer of 2003, Oceanside police and nearby sheriff's deputies fought three deadly battles with criminals. On 13 June, Officer Tony Zeppetalla was brutally murdered by an illegal alien, Adrian George Camacho, 28, during a routine traffic stop (see October 2003 Thunderbolt, page 20). Camacho had been deported from the U.S. four times before the murder. The other two battles are related below.
Trying to run over officers doesn’t always work
At about 4 a.m. on Saturday morning, 28 June 2003, Oceanside, California, Police Officers John Janda and Carl Wilson were on patrol. They spotted a Honda Civic in a parking lot of a local bottled-water company that matched the description of a stolen vehicle. They shined their spotlight on the Civic and saw it was occupied by three Hispanic males. They exited their cruiser and approached the Civic, which was the stolen car. Suddenly, the Civic took off and made an exceptionally wide U-turn heading for the officers. Officer Janda, a 12-year veteran, fired one shot into the windshield just before the Civic clipped his knee. He was not injured.
The Civic tore down the street but stopped briefly at some railroad tracks. Two men exited the car and escaped into the darkness. The Civic roared away, but, two miles later, it hit a stoplight pole and made right turn onto another street. It jumped a curb and hit a bank building. The two officers arrived and found that the driver, Jose Ulloa, 21, had been shot in the chest. They performed CPR until the ambulance arrived. Ulloa died a few minutes after arriving at the hospital.
A few hours after the shooting, one of the two escapees, Marc Ramiro Abilez, 21, was captured after being found hiding in a field. The other has not been found. Abilez was released a few days later, because the prosecutors say they don’t have a strong case against him.y
To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico.
Deputies introduce Sergio Ramos to heavy metal
At 8:20 a.m. on Sunday morning 8 September 2003 outside of the Oceanside, California, city limits, three sheriff’s deputies answered a 911 call. Residents had reported a man in a blood-soaked shirt with a knife in his hand wandering about the neighborhood. The three deputies—Patrick Shannon, Peter Alvarado, and Donna Salvador— approached the man on foot. They ordered him to drop his knife. Their primary concern was to get inside the house behind the man to see if the man had stabbed anyone. The man ignored their orders, and at a distance of about 10-12 feet, he charged. All three officers opened fire simultaneously, and the man crashed into the dirt. Twelve shots were fired in an instant. The man, later identified as Sergio Ramos, 20, was dead.
Officers found that Ramos had apparently attempted suicide. Both his wrists were slashed and he had stabbed himself. The blood on his shirt was his own. Minutes later, a fistfight broke out near the crime scene as neighbors apparently had differing views of the situation.
Ramos has a long record. His adult record includes a 2000 conviction for breaking into a car. At that time, Ramos was member of the Vista Home Boys gang. Since April 2003, he has been arrested three times on charges including methamphetamine possession, possession of a weapon, contributing to the delinquency of a minor, and possession of drug paraphernalia. [Normally, police do not release juvenile records.]
Neighbors say Ramos was unemployed and lived in the house with his father and brother. The house was
known for parties and the men very often sat in the front yard, drinking beer. One neighbor said, “They are always drinking.”
Ramos’ family says Ramos did not commit suicide and that the deputies had no right to use lethal force. The deputies did have beanbag-firing shotguns in their vehicle trunks. A Sheriff’s department spokesman said that the deputies did not have time to get the shotguns out and that firing the beanbags at close range would probably have been fatal. What would you do if a bloody man with a knife charged you?
Jesus Ramos, the dead man’s brother, is angry and says Sergio didn’t threaten anyone and that the deputies had no reason to shoot him. He was just a gentle and friendly guy, family and friends say.y
The Sergio Ramos shooting scene. It looks more like an American Indian reservation than an American neighborhood. High chain-link fences in poor repair surround some yards. The yards are mostly dirt and weeds. Men, most with no visible means of support, sit in the yards drinking in the afternoons and evenings. It is the future of your hometown.
{Kijunberbolt • © 2003
tEfmnberbolt Bcccmbcv 2003	25
Good cops in life and death war
Good-hearted parolee runs over officer with patrol SUV
On 26 June 2003, Merchantville, NJ, Police Sgt. Eric Schmidt, 51, a 23-year police veteran, was on patrol. At 11:08 p.m., Schmidt observed Raymond Rodriguez, 36, allegedly doing spins on a motorcycle on the roadway. Rodriguez was on parole at the time and has an extensive history of crime including auto theft, receiving stolen property, weapons charges, and aggravated assault with a gun in which a person was injured. The motorcycle turned out to be stolen.
Officer Schmidt approached Rodriguez, who jumped off the motorcycle and attempted to flee on foot. Schmidt ran him down, and the two fought near the officer’s Ford Explorer patrol vehicle.
Rodriguez (pictured) allegedly tried unsuccessfully to take Schmidt’s service weapon and then knocked the officer to the ground by striking him with a motorcycle helmet. Rodriguez then got into the patrol vehicle and pulled away, making a hard left turn and striking Schmidt. A rear wheel ran over Sgt. Schmidt’s chest.
Rodriguez then drove away but hit a tree after driving only a couple of blocks. He fled on foot. That night, 80 officers searched for the suspect. The next day, officers were assigned to watch his relatives and friends. A female friend of Rodriguez drove up to one of the locations that the police had staked out. She drove away and police followed her and pulled her vehicle over. Rodriguez was found hiding in the back seat and surrendered.
Officer Schmidt was taken to the hospital and found to have broken ribs and a punctured lung. Although he suffered extreme pain for days, he should recover.
Rodriguez’s mother says he is really a nice boy. She said, “Raymond is a good-hearted person. But he has been stepped on a lot of times. He does have a temper. He does get angry sometimes — but only if he is pushed.” Prosecutors say he could get 40 years for his alleged attack, y
Woman beater tries to run over cop
At 3:15 a.m. on 7 July 2003, off-duty sheriffs deputies were working security at the Sam’s Boat, a club in Houston. They heard a commotion in the parking lot around the comer of the building. When they rounded the comer, they saw a Black man hitting a woman and trying to drag her into his car. When the officers confronted the man, the man stopped beating the woman, and she broke loose and ran. The man got in his car and drove it directly toward one officer. That officer fired one shot into the car as he jumped back and dodged the oncoming vehicle. The other officer also fired one round. Within seconds a nearby police cruiser spotted the car, pulled it over, and arrested a suspect (see picture of suspect in patrol car). The suspect was not hit by either bullet, y
|g l/^v\l l/^v\l l//y\l l/^v\l ggfi |
J-____A-
Rochester gun battle
JB-8

Officer John Muller, an eight-year veteran of the Rochester, NY, Police Department, was on bicycle patrol about 2:10 a.m. on 18 July 2003. He was on an anti-robbery detail in the vicinity of a reggae concert. He says that he saw a man shoot into a parking lot, and he went to investigate. He confronted a man, Winston Hancock, 21, and identified himself as a police officer. Hancock (pictured) raised a .40-caliber pistol and fired twice at Officer Muller. Muller returned fire with his .45-caliber semiautomatic. Hancock took off running. Muller says Hancock had his arm extended like he had a handgun. Muller fired twice more and the suspect dropped. Ranges in the gun battle were 20 to 25 feet.
Muller had hit Hancock five times in the arms and legs and says it was deliberate. Hancock was in the hospital only four days before being moved to the jail.
Police say Hancock has changed his story. He first said he was shot by someone in a Black SUV. Then he said he was shot by “a big White guy,” which was Muller, but didn’t know he was a cop. He claims he never fired at Muller and that he dropped his gun and it accidentally discharged twice upon hitting the ground.
Winston Hancock’s family and the Reverend Raymond Graves have been raising hell about the shooting and claim that Hancock is the victim, that Muller fired first, etc. Camille Hancock, says, “My child is innocent.” Winston Hancock has an extensive police record including serving one year in jail for assault, y
© 2003 • (EJjunberbolt
Psycho-killer moron runs over motorcycle cop with flatbed truck
Officer Terry Bennett, San Diego motorcycle cop, was pursuing a stolen flatbed truck just after noon on 26 June 2003. The truck had been stolen only minutes earlier from a utility crew working at a sewer construction site. It was heavily loaded with tools and a generator. The truck was moving erratically and Bennett observed it hitting five vehicles.
Suddenly the stolen truck’s driver made a hard U-turn and headed directly for a head-on collision with Officer Bennett. Bennett swerved to avoid the truck, but it hit him anyway. According to the prosecutor’s office, the predator used the flatbed as a “battering ram to pulverize the defenseless officer” by ramming him against a wall. Then the truck driver drove over Bennett.
After leaving Bennett to die, the truck got twelve more blocks before stopping due to a flat tire. The driver, later identified as Kevin Gerard Williams, 37, fled on foot. He was later arrested.
Because of his extensive criminal history, Williams was being held without
The Black man on the stretcher is Kevin Gerard Williams, 37. Before the death of Officer Bennett, he had been to prison three times, and had six felony convictions and nine misdemeanor convictions. Twice before, he had tried to outrun officers in a vehicle. In one of those, he was charged with hit-and-run, evading the police, and reckless driving.
Officer Terry Bennett, San Diego patrolman was married with two boys. This 13-year veteran was murdered by an escaping criminal in a stolen flatbed truck. The predator did a hard U-turn and hit Bennett head on, driving him into a wall.
bond and could face the death penalty.
In September 2003, a judge ordered Williams’ arraignment postponed until a mental examination can be made. Williams’ mental record is over 1000 pages long. As early as 1979, he was diagnosed as psychotic and his IQ measured 62. The IQ range for a moron is 50 to 69). Williams can neither read nor write. In fact, his speech is barely intelligible. His public defender argues that Williams is too incompetent to help with his own defense. Therefore, he is too incompetent to be tried.
The average high school graduate has an IQ of 110. The average White has an IQ of 102. The average Black male has an IQ of 83. Anyone below 80 is retarded or worse. Anyone below 70 is a moron or worse.
In the U.S., we can punish a murderer, but not if he is a moronic murderer. And we especially cannot punish him if he is a psychotic, moronic murderer. Only with a revolution can we fix this insanity. This will require us to separate from all non-Whites. And the “well-meaning” Whites, like those who run our mainstream churches, must be eliminated totally from the decisionmaking processes.//
Prosecutors say a man used this flatbed truck to deliberately hit Officer Bennett head on and kill him. Bennett’s wrecked motorcycle is shown below.
On 29 June 2003, a Raleigh, NC, police officer went to arrest Charles Burt, 21, who was wanted for firing a firearm into a residence. Burt (pictured) allegedly spotted the officer and fired two shots from a shotgun at the officer before he surrendered. He was charged with assault with a firearm on a law enforcement officer.
Cbunberbolt • © 2003
(Kbunberbolt December 2003	27
Poll shows Connecticut wants more gun control
In April 2002, the Colorado Springs City Council voted 7-2 to relax a gun-control law and made it legal to carry a gun on city property. Then Don Ortega, who is not a council member, began carrying his side-by-side, 12-guage Stoeger double-barrel shotgun to City Council meetings. The gun is bright yellow with a smiley face painted on the stock. He carries it hanging from a sling around his neck. The smart aleck says he carries it because he’s been threatened and the police won’t protect him. City employees said they didn’t like having a nut toting a shotgun through City Hall. Perhaps they have had enough of Mexican murderers. In August 2003, the council reversed itself and, on a 5-4 vote, again banned open carrying of firearms in municipal buildings, y
yyyyyyyyyyyy
When they took his guns, they took his life
Jack Gentle of Vancouver, Canada, was an elderly gun collector whose house was broken into and some of his guns were stolen. In June 2003, two of his guns were found at crimes scenes, so the RCMP raided the old man’s house to take the ones the predators didn’t want. While the Mounties were stealing his collection, Jack shot and killed himself. The RCMP carried off the old man’s body, three Mauser handguns, an 1879 Enfield, an 1895 Winchester rifle, and dozens of other relics. Jack Gentle, like most Whites, just wasn’t mean enough to resort to shooting Mounties. y
The Center for Research & Public policy claims that its May 2003 poll shows that 71 % of Connecticut residents want tougher gun control and that 84% want licensing and registration for all rifles and shotguns. Pro-gun activists charge that the poll results are biased, and that it was paid for by an anti-gun group closely affiliated with State Senator Ernst E. Newton II.
The major Connecticut media comes out of ghettoized cities like Hartford and New Haven where violent crime is high and where new waves of “Hispanic” immigrants are adding to the problem. Perhaps the once sturdy Whites in Connecticut are becoming sheep, y
Hellhole Hartford
2001 is the latest year for which the FBI has released detailed murder data. In that year, Hartford, CT, police detailed 13 murderers of which 11 were Blacks. New Haven police reported that 19 of 20 of their murderers were Black. [Source: FBI 2001 Supplementary Homicide Report by State within Group, pages 283 and 284.]
Body armor control
In August 2003, New Orleans police officers demanded that the sale of body armor be regulated. On 27 August, two predators wearing body armor and carrying AK-47 rifles stormed into Bywater Credit Union for a robbery. No shots were fired. Anyone can go to a store or go on-line on the Internet and purchase body armor, they complained. It is already a crime in Louisiana to wear body armor during the commission of a felony, y
| Instead of eliminating whole types of I I guns that have a high potential for .
killing, we need to eliminate whole I types of people that have shown I I themselves much more likely to kill. | Ummmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmrn*
State Senator Ernst E. Newton II is leading the gun-control charge in Connecticut. His latest effort is to require “ballistic fingerprinting” for all new guns sold in the state. Newton says guns must be removed to prevent an epidemic of Black-on-Black violence. He is a close ally of U.S. Senator Joseph Lieberman.
Send them to the ovens
An official of the Charleston, South Carolina, Police Department shows one of the weapons that he is sending to the melting ovens. Included on his August 2003 list are 260 handguns, about six months’ worth. Also on the list are three barrels of cocaine taken from drug dealers. The official thinks his meltdown can stop murderers in Charleston. In 2001, his fellow Charleston officers identified 13 murders of whom 12 were Black. If his gun meltdown program does not stop murderers in Charleston, perhaps he will start sending the real cause to the ovens, y
28 tKbunberbolt December 2003
© 2003 • QTbunberbolt
Gun control is inevitable in a mixed-race America
Bubbly about gun control
Nashville police chief operates gun chop shop
On 23 September 2003, the governor of America’s first non-White state signed six more gun control laws into being. Five of Gray Davis’ victories were minor extensions of existing laws, but the sixth bans sales of new handguns in California that do not have a red chamber-load indicator. Both sides in the gun-control argument agree that this “safety feature” will not save lives but is intended to punish gun manufacturers. Gun makers will have to redesign many models and invest in expensive tooling. Some models will simply be dropped, while makers will just stop selling others in California. Amazingly, the law only applies to center-fire handguns, and not to .22-caliber handguns. Those will be on a future agenda, y
On the first anniversary of the sniper shootings, Senator Barbara Mikulski went hysterical, screaming for more “assault rifle” gun control. However, the snipers’ stole their Bushmaster .223-caliber rifle. Malvo has admitted their hate of Whites was part of the motivation, and that they shot Blacks only to confuse police. John Allen Muhammad has espoused anti-White racist views and is a long-time hater of America, y
Nashville, Tennessee, Acting Police Chief Deborah Faulkner is sending 1,750 captured guns to a scrap yard to be chopped up. This is their take for seven months. Most come from inner city criminals, but others are simply seized during traffic stops. She showed only about 50 of the 1,750 guns to the media (see picture above), and she suggested that they are representative of the guns her cops face everyday. They include about ten “assault rifles” and 40 ghetto guns of the Tec-9, Mac-10 style.
Faulkner says guns do most of the killing in Nashville. “I am very pleased to say that, after today, these weapons will not fire another bullet and will not be used to threaten, rob or harm anyone,” she said. Faulkner stressed that this is part of her close cooperation with the Bush Administration and the ATF to destroy as many guns as possible.
Nashville is 66% White and 27% Black. In 2001, police identified 61 Nashville murderers. Among them were 18 Whites, 42 Blacks, and 1 Asian. Therefore, 27% of the population produced 69% of the murderers. A Black in Nashville is 5.8 times as likely as a Nashville White to be a murderer.
Perhaps Chief Faulkner should stop catering to the criminal-producing population and stop blaming inanimate objects for murder. M
What good are guns buried out in the woods?
Gun store burglaries provide combat arsenal
Burglars hit the Ammo Dump, a Houston area gun store, between 3 and 4 a.m. on 14 July 2003. They smashed through a steel door in the back, cut wires and cables to disable security systems, and looted until just before police arrived. The criminals ignored expensive hunting weapons. They stole $60,000 worth of pistols, assault rifles, and shotguns of the types and calibers used by police. It was enough to start a war. Police and ATF agents initially suspected Mexican bandits who resell guns in Mexico at triple the U.S. price.
On 4 August, burglars hit Bailey’s House of Guns, followed by Collector’s Firearms the next morning. Later in August, a gun store owner spotted three Black males behind his store, two got away, but he held one for police. Police refused to arrest the man because he hadn’t actually broken into the store. Then on 25 August, Carter’s Country gun store was burgled, and 40 pistols and assault rifles were stolen. All four robberies had the same modus operandi including the same time of day and always smashing in a back door. Poor quality surveillance video showed three unidentifiable Black men in their early 20s.
Then in August, burglars were unsuccessful in breaking into a fifth store. Republic Arms. On 8 September, Houston police arrested one suspect, Joshua Williams, 19. He had only one weapon, one that had been stolen from Carter’s Country. Two days later they captured Destein Williams. One of these two men is the man who had previously been detained by the gun store owner. Somewhere over 120 weapons were stolen and not recovered. M
Cbunberbolt • O 2003
Cfyunberbolt December 2003	29
In Denver, 15-year-old Paul Childs had a seizure requiring hospital care, 11 days before his death, and he may have been having after shocks. Friday night, 4 July, he trashed his bedroom and refused to clean it up. The next morning, his mother, Helen, gave him a big hug, but he covered her mouth with his hand. Then she asked. “What? Are you going to kill me today?” He went in the kitchen and selected a knife with a 10-inch blade from a drawer and came back. He began following his mother around the house. Whenever she would start to turn her back, he would try to stab her.
His sister, Ashley, 16, calmly called 911 because she wanted an officer to come out and talk to her brother. It was about 1:14 p.m. She told the operator her brother was “calm but aggravated.” Ashley, herself was very calm and lay on the couch throughout most of the ordeal. She was even calm when she said, “Now he is coming after me with it.” As police cars raced to the scene, Ashley told the l	911 operator that Paul was very angry and
m had actually tried to stab his mother. Four W officers—Jim Lee Turney, Todd Geddes, Randall Krouse, and David Naysmith— guns drawn, rushed to the front door. Helen opened the door, and the officers
>grabbed her and pulled her outside. The officers got two female houseguests outside, and they finally convinced Ashley to get off the couch and join the others in the front yard.
Tumey, 29, put his leg in the screen door to keep it open and repeatedly asked Paul Childs to drop the knife. Childs was initially standing behind a door, and then he advanced toward Tumey. Tumey again demanded he drop the knife. Helen Childs says her son was so close to Tumey that they could have touched. Two officers behind Tumey were trying to get a clear shot at Childs with their tasers but couldn’t. Officers estimated the distance at five to seven feet. Then Turner shot Childs four times with his .45-caliber semi-automatic pistol. According to whom you believe, Paul was either just standing there or was lunging forward.
Paul Childs was 15 and considered mildly retarded, which means his IQ was under 80. Whites average 102. Black females average 85, and Black males average 83. He was just a few points under average for a Black male. He took three medications for mental problems, one of which was seizures. He had been losing his eyesight and was legally blind. He was prone to wander aimlessly, and, according to neighbors, the police had to bring him home “about every other day.” He hit his mother on a number of occasions, but 5 July 2003 was the first time he tried to stab her. Neighbors describe him as a “great kid” and as a “fixture of the neighborhood.”
He died a few minutes after arriving at a local hospital. The coroner said three rounds hit him in the chest and one in the back. He was likely leaning forward at the time he was shot.
As seems to be the usual case, the Blacks of Denver turned on the police. It was just another case of a White cop shooting a Black. They cried racism. They talked about the KKK. Some Black leaders, including Nation of Islam leader Gerald Muhammad, said it was “murder.” One called Tumey a “vagabond child-killer.” The Reverend James D. Peters Jr., a major Black leader, said of Tumey, “He would be more at home in the white
sheets of the Ku Klux Klan.” But after they learned that Turner is half Asian, racism by Tumey ceased to be an issue, but “police racism” remains a constant complaint.
There were calls for violence, and Black leaders mentioned the Benton Harbor riots in a threatening way. One of the things they want is the passage of a “Paul’s Law.” Paul’s Law would require all Colorado police to undergo sensitivity training on how to deal with the retarded and insane.
The media called Paul Childs a gentle soul and asked over and over again why non-lethal force was not used.
Blacks are demanding investigations and more investigations. But a criminal action against Tumey has little chance. In Colorado, a policeman can shoot someone who is within 21 feet if that person is threatening him with a knife. A civilian cannot necessarily do so.
Since 1990, criminals have attacked Denver police 21 times with knives. Three policemen were stabbed and 17 criminals were shot, of which 12 died.y
Helen Childs, the mother of the dead boy, Paul Childs, tells her version of events. According to the 911 calls, Paul had been following her around the house, and every time she turned her back Paul tried to stab her. She is very angry at the police and has hired Johnnie Cochran to sue them.
30 t£I)unt)erbolt December 2003
© 2003 • tKIjunberbolt
“White” cop kills 15-
AIAO »•

Unknown affirmative-action police officer, who shot Paul Childs
Amazingly, throughout the massive publicity surrounding the killing of Paul Childs by Denver Police Officer James Tumey, the Denver Police Department has not released a picture of Tumey. Nor has a picture of him appeared in the Denver news media. At first, he was referred to as “White.” Then, the media briefly mentioned that his mother was Asian.
Tumey got on the Denver police force only because he is Asian. He was selected under the affirmative action program. Of 956 applicants he ranked at 812, and they needed only 158. After subjective tests, he suddenly soared to 158 and got in as the worst applicant.
Certainly his shooting is good. On 20 January 2002, Tumey and another officer were called to a residence where an 18-year-old Black man, Gregory L. Smith, was threatening his family. When they arrived, the man confronted them on a stairway and charged with a knife. Both officers fired, but the coroner said Tumey fired the fatal shot.
On 5 July 2003, Tumey and four other officers were called to the Helen Childs residence. Her 15-year-old son, Paul, who is Black, was trying to stab her in the back with a knife with an 10-inch blade. According to Turney, the 5’8" youth ignored repeated calls to drop the knife and attacked. The officer fired four rounds from his semi-automatic .45-
caliber pistol hitting the boy in the chest three times and in the back once. Paul Childs died at the hospital soon after arrival.
A complication for Tumey on this latest shooting was his mental state relating to his marital problems. Nine years ago, Tumey fathered a bastard child. The State of Nebraska defeated Tumey in a paternity suit and forced him to pay child support. Then he married the woman, Teresa Orme, and it broke up after 18 months. The day before the Paul Childs shooting, he allegedly called his ex-mother-in-law, Rozella Orme, in Iowa and threatened “to put a bullet in the middle” of her head. Iowa issued an arrest warrant for Tumey. The Denver Police Department suspended Tumey because of the Iowa warrant and not because of the Childs shooting. X
Since 1990 criminals have attacked Denver police 21 times with knives. Three policemen were stabbed and 17 criminals were shot, of which 12 died.
Denver cops get 50 thrills at 5500 East Thrill Place
Helen Childs and children Paul, 15, and Ashley, 16, lived on the 5500 block of East Thrill Place in NE Denver. The police made their first call to the Childs’ residence on 10 September 2001, shortly after Helen and her children moved in.
Since then, police have been there 50 times. The first call was for auto theft. Several calls were to find 15 year-old Paul who would often get lost; other times he got in trouble for stealing, etc., and six times he ran away from home. The police recall several calls for drunken females fighting, several calls for people waving and threatening with knives, and several calls for threatening phone calls.
Police said most of the calls resulted from “alcohol and agitated individuals.” Neighbors in this Black community don’t consider the Childs residence to be unusual or threatening.
These are some of the Black ministers in Denver at a meeting of their brain trust. They are angry about the killing of Paul Childs. Some of them call it murder.
Here is a clear case of murder. — Reverend Paul Martin
Alvertis Simmons was previously a state organizer for the Nation of Islam Million Man March. He was one of the most highly quoted Blacks in the aftermath of Paul Childs’ death. The media used him as an example of a non-violent, level-headed leader. Three of his statements follow.
Not one time have (police who shot Blacks) been found at fault. You mean to tell me they’re always right?
Denver police cannot police themselves. Our black community doesn’t believe in the police.... The only remedy they know is to kill us. That juvenile should not be dead right now.
I’m telling you all, that if you don’t want another Benton Harbor in this city, you all better do something about this situation with our baby getting shot down.
l^unberbolt • © 2003
tCbunberbolt December 2003	31
In 1998, police responded to a call that a man could be heard going crazy in an apartment. When they kicked the door in, they found John Lawrence (left) and Tyron Gamer (right) having anal sex. They were arrested, fined $200, and spent one night in jail. In June 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court said it approves of homos having anal sex, and that the cops were wrong. Thunderbolt s opinion is that in a decent White society, the first offense would earn the queers six months in a hard labor camp. Second offense would be life at hard labor, y
Homophile Justices
Anthony M. Kennedy John Paul Stevens Sandra Day O’Connor Ruth Bader Ginsburg Stephen Breyer David Souter
In June 2003, these six voted to legalize homosexuals and their perverted activities. A homophile is someone who is unnaturally and excessively attracted to homosexuals. It is the opposite of the word homophobe, which seems to be a favorite word of the media.
“Justice” Sandra Day O’Connor: a woman without a moral or Constitutional anchor
Sandra Day O’Connor voted against legalizing homosexuals in 1986. In 2003, she reversed herself and decided that queers were ok with her. She is also expected to switch her position and vote against the death penalty the next time a major case comes before the Supreme Court. Perhaps she is what lawyers term a “switch hitter.”
She believes that whatever is popular with the people at any given time is what is Constitutional. Thus the words in the Constitution are meaningless.
Someday, in the not-too-distant future, punishing judges may be the popular thing.
Two Jewish, male homosexuals kiss after their marriage in Ontario, Canada. They were part of a mass marriage of hundreds of “gay” “couples” after a court effectively legalized homosexual marriages. As in many terrible things, Canada is a just a few years ahead of the U.S.y
EDITORIAL
Have you ever seen a negative article in the mainstream media about homosexuals? The media leads the politicians and sheepish masses. The media is doing for “gays” today what the media did for Blacks in the 1950s and 1960s. Within a decade or two, not only will there be affirmative action for gays, but also our children will be told in school to experiment with the “gay lifestyle.” Neither the Republicans nor any other political party will do anything significant to stop or reverse America’s decline. The only way to stop the destruction of our people is with raw power. The only way to restore America is to rebuild from scratch. V
These two criminals have identical policies on “gays in the military” and on most other issues. No Congressman or Senator (of either party) objects to Barney Frank and the other homos bringing their sex partners to official functions where they dine at taxpayer expense, y
32 tKIjutiberbolt December 2003
© 2003 • QTIjunDerbolt
Queer news
Going public
Another wave of homosexuals going public has started. Among the new public queers is Ed Gray, a sportscaster, from Boston and Kentucky State Senator Ernesto Scorsone (pictured above) of Lexington. Using time proven tactics, homos will push their agenda until the public rebels. Then they will consolidate their gains and go slow, until they can make further advances with the next wave. The same tactics have been used to advance other causes such as gun control, Black civil rights, immigration amnesty, and holocaust reparations./^
>
If homosexuals refer to themselves as queers, shouldn’t we?
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg makes a gay handshake pose with a drag queen. Bloomberg, the Jewish billionaire media mogul, marched with the queers during their parade. The march to destruction started in New York City and Hollywood. I wonder why?y
“Gay” murderer
Arkansas State Trooper leads murder-rapist Joshua Brown. Brown told police that he sneaked up on a 13-year-old boy, Jesse Dirkhising, overpowered him and tied him up. Then Brown drugged the boy and raped him six times while one of his queer friends watched. Brown then attacked the policeman who came to investigate. This murder-torture received almost no national media attention.
When queer Matthew Shepard propositioned two cowboys in a rural Wyoming bar, they killed him. That crime led to massive national media coverage and is still often mentioned.
The media did not have a secret meeting to hatch a conspiracy to hide the crime of two Arkansans or to drown the public with the news about the crime in Wyoming.
The U.S. media is totally and terminally corrupt. And this is true from the New York Times down to newspapers in rural America. The media cannot be reformed./^
Episcopalian Bishop Gene Robinson may be the first major homosexual church leader, but he will not be the last. In a decade, most churches will accept homos. In two decades, they all will.
Homosexuals march through the churches
The recent success of the homosexuals in the Episcopalian church reminds one of similar progress of the Blacks. The head of the Episcopal Church, Frank Griswold, supported a majority to confirm V. Gene Robinson as the church’s first openly homosexual bishop.
Bishop Robinson has been shacked up with his sodomite partner for 14 years after abandoning his wife.
Of course, there will be some fussing and fighting, and forming of splinter churches, but the acceptance of homosexuals in the American churches will occur. Within a few years those holding out will be called “haters” and “throwbacks to an earlier age.”
All the large churches will abandon their long-held “truths” about homosexuals, just like they abandoned their long-held “truths” about Blacks. Their truths turn out to be relative to what the news media and Hollywood are pushing. They get their direction from television rather than from any eternal certainty.
You may recall that the Southern Baptists were one of the last churches to surrender to Blacks. But during the 1990’s, the Southern Baptists fully endorsed mixed marriages and apologized for their past racism. In doing so, they condemned their own ancestors by essentially saying those ancestors sinned against Negroes.
Can you imagine your ancestors being in heaven with a worthless Black murderer and rapist who confessed and “found God” just before his execution?/^
QTIjunberbolt • © 2003
(£bunberbolt December 2003	33
Cincy cops bust terror gang?
On 2 October 2003, 160 law enforcement officers in Cincinnati carried out a massive operation. They arrested 19 of 23 alleged Middle Eastern criminals, executed 47 search warrants and seized millions in assets. Police say Omran Saleh, 55, ran a $ 100 million organized crime ring that tunneled money to the Middle East.
Saleh and his gang of Palestinians and Jordanians operated 12 convenience stores and a warehouse in the ghetto. Allegedly, they hired local crackheads and criminals to steal goods, which they resold in the stores. This included everything from shoplifting, to stealing out of the back of trucks, to hijacking large truckloads of merchandise. They bought the stolen goods for 50 to 100 on the dollar and resold them at inflated, ghetto prices. Most merchandise was of the type they could quickly resell in the stores: painkillers, cigarettes, teeth-whitening strips, malt liquor, baby formula, and glucose blood testing products. U.S. Department of Agriculture officers assisted in the raid, presumably to check into Food Stamp and WIC fraud including trading coupons for drugs and alcoholic beverages.
Police and local residents also allege Middle Eastern stores trafficked in illegal drugs, guns, and fenced stolen goods. According to his ex-wife, one store manager, Saleh Hattar (alias Sam Hatter), a Jordanian, often said, “F— the States! F— the Americans.”
While Cincy police claim Saleh was exploiting poor Blacks, the loss of his stores will damage the economy of Cincy’s ghetto areas. Residents are asking for more government help.
Some local residents commented on the terrorism allegations. “I’m surprised because they never gave me no free cigarettes,” LaTonya Suggs complained. “I’m happy they’re closed down.”V
Day of the Rope metaphor
Dr. William L. Pierce predicted that White Americans would someday get fed up with White race traitors. Whites will likely rise up and hang the traitors from the nearest lamppost, he predicted in his famous novel, The Turner Diaries.
Thunderbolt believes that such an event may well occur in the not-too-distant future. From time to time, we will feature those whom Whites might rise against.
We hope that such an event need never occur. Hopefully the “lynching” will be just a political metaphor and not a physical reality. However, we see no indication that our enemies will come to their senses.
Israeli media reported a meeting between President George Bush and 15 rabbis, which took place on 29 September 2003. Bush promised them that he would personally look at Jonathan Pollard’s file. The rabbis were lobbying for the release of the convicted master spy, who is still being paid by the Israeli government. Bush also related non-public information on how he planned to deal with the Palestinian government, y
In July 2003, Sen. John McCain of Arizona filed an immigration bill in the Senate that is even more liberal than the one President Bush wants. Under the bill, any firm could list jobs with the Labor Department. If the job can’t be filled by a qualified American in two weeks, the firm can bring in immigrants to fill the jobs permanently. After three years, the worker automatically becomes a permanent resident of the U.S. Already 1.1 million aliens are granted permanent residency status each year. Under the McCain bill, 40 to 50 million Mexicans could swarm into the U.S.
John McCain is a doer of many treacherous deeds, but his immigration wrongs alone are notable. McCain’s selling out to Mexican interests earns him a spot in this month’s “Day of the Rope Page.’V
Back Issues of Thunderbolt
The following are available. September 2003 [Issue 1-1] October 2003 [Issue 1-2] November 2003 [Issue 1 -3]
You may receive these back issues at the following price:
1	issue $5
2	issues $9
3	Issues $12
See page 3 for address and for bulk purchases. We cannot guarantee availablity of any particular past issues.
34 {Ebunberbolt December 2003
© 2003 • GTbitnberbolt
Suspect #1
Suspect #2
Suspect #3
pisi


mm
Update on invasion at Christy Laing’s home
When will we stop predators from terrorizing our women?
In the October issue of Thunderbolt (page 23), we brought you the story of Christy Laing, who survived a violent home invasion and became a heroine. She and her boyfriend came home from the grocery store to find three men armed with pistols who had taken possession of her Roswell, Georgia, home. They had already captured her friend, Karen Minshew. The three claimed to be cops and put all three captives on the floor and told them not to look. Christy didn’t believe them for a second and took a peek. That cost her one of several beatings she had to endure.
After looting her home, the predators stuffed her two friends into the trunk of one of Christy’s cars and put Christy into the trunk of another. They had gone only a short distance when Christy pulled the latch inside the trunk and leapt to safety, before the predator in the car following had a chance to run over her.
Her two friends were found 12 hours later, still locked in the trunk of the other car. Christy not only saved herself from likely murder and rape, but also she probably saved the other two as well. The three sketches made after her ordeal bear amazing resemblance to the three men police believe were the actual culprits.
One of them was arrested on 25 August 2003, but police kept the arrest a secret for five weeks. Police are still seeking the other two and possibly two other accomplices or material witnesses.
Frantz Byron, Jr., 23, of Baldwin, NY is the one arrested. He has been charged with 18 felonies including kidnapping, armed robbery, burglary, and impersonating a police officer. Amazingly some judge released him on a paltry bond of $76,000.
If he found a bondsman, he might have only put up $7,600. He is charged with three kidnappings plus all the other crimes. He should not be running loose, y

Wk
Frantz Byron, Jr.		Jesse Yarborough		Michael Martin
m

The photo on the left was taken before her ordeal, and the one on the right shows Christy Laing afterwards. The cuts and bruises that she suffered are nothing .compared to the spiritual •damage done to her and Karen Minshew by the terrorists. Christy told the media that since the home invasion and kidnapping, she has lived a constant
Christy Laing: Celtic-Nordic Princess. Once
there were warriors who would have come to her
nightmare. “I was waking up rescue, taken full revenge, and destroyed the
every hour on the hour, every threat- Today ravagers run free in our land and
■there are no heroes willing to draw the sword from
the rock.
Subscibe to TOjunberbolt Today! See page 3
little noise that I heard. It
really was a traumatic	_
experience for me and
everybody else involved in Christy knows thanue^TOnSls who attacked her this. ... They’ve wrecked my are still fugitives or are out on bondlFurther, she must life. They’ve wrecked my realize that there are literally millions of other family’s life and everybody predators. It is our duty to dim mate the threat of these
predators no matter what the personal cost is.
else involved.”
Mi

Cbunbcrbolt Drrrnibrr 2003 35
Nashville’s gun-fighting barber dies in hailstorm of lead
In our finest tradition of courage, Wayne Martin died as he lived
Concerning the first shooting, Wayne Martin said he did only what any decent man would do. Unfortunately, there aren’t many decent men left, and now Wayne is gone.
30 March 2001 fight
On 30 March 2001 at about 1:15 p.m., Paulette King, 45, was working alone in her flower shop, which is located in a strip mall in a “rough” part of Nashville, Tennessee. A hulking. Black, “homeless” man entered the store; he was 6’4" tall and 240 pounds. He appeared to be high on crack cocaine, and he grabbed tiny Paulette, who is barely five feet tall, put a knife to her throat and dragged her to the cash resister. He stole the only $30 she had and started dragging her to the back room. He said, “I’m going to cut
your m-----f-------throat.”	Paulette
says, “I believe he intended to rape me.” She screamed.
Wayne Martin’s small barber shop is next to Paulette’s flower shop, and during business hours, the stores are separated only by a screen door. Martin, 55, immediately shouted back to find out what was wrong. The predator dropped Paulette and ran from the store. Paulette shouted that he had put a knife to her throat and robbed her. Wayne grabbed his .32-caliber semi-auto and with his son, Dwayne, ran out of the shop and got in their Ford Explorer. Dwayne was driving, and they cornered the predator 300 feet away in the parking lot of a Dodge dealership. Wayne jumped out and ordered the predator to “get on the ground.” Wayne says the predator cursed him, threatened to kill him, and attacked him with the knife. At a range of ten feet, Wayne fired two shots from his tiny .32 auto and hit the predator once in the chest and once in the back.
Wayne suffered only a small cut on the wrist, but the predator died.
The predator turned out to be Michael A. Swilley, a felon with a long and violent criminal record. He has been convicted of rape, assault, aggravated battery, weapons violations, cocaine possession, and numerous other He had convictions Jersey, AlabamaYTy
Tennessee, and Yin
iia, !n the days
eptember 2003 fight
preceding his death, WPilley had b&tn nrA^ Wayne Martin and Paulette Kinj approaching people in the, in a ^Kept their small shops open, and the threatening manner, and then bumming	neighborhood continued to deteriorate. Iijl
money from them.	. % *1 fi^i^jiuimmer of 2003, two or more young ■
At first, Wayne	Black men‘-were terrorizing the
tne police, neig
acclaimed a hero b] prosecutor, and the media. Then one or more witnesses turned up that said Swilley had been backing up from Martin and begging for his life by saying, “Don’t shoot me.”
Four months after the shooting, the prosecutor charged Wayne Martin with second-degree murder, and he faced 15-30 years if convicted. Martin was devastated. He was a barber with a limited income, and he faced massive legal bills. Supporters launched a website featuring Paulette King telling the story and asking for financial help. Finally, on 26 August 2002, Martin pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and was sentenced to four years probation. Martin would remain on probation and a convicted felon without gun rights until his death.
Picture of Paulette King asking for donations for Wayne Martin’s legal expenses. Now she has lost her guardian angel, and the predators are about to overrun her neighborhood.
ghborhood. Armed with semiautomatic pistols, they were robbing stores and people.
At 2 p.m. on 30 September 2003, two young Black men entered Martin’s barber shop. They were brandishing pistols and were dressed in white T-shirts and blue jeans, and had red bandannas over their faces. Wayne did not surrender, but ran to a closet and shouted for Paulette to call the police. He grabbed a revolver and spun around, but the bandits were on the run. He chased them outside, and the three shot it out. Numerous rounds were fired. Police said several autos had bullet holes in them. But in the exchange of lead, only Martin got hit. He died at 3:45 p.m. on the operating table.
The killers escaped in an older model Pontiac LeMans, which they abandoned two miles away. Police were able to trace the car to Antonio Dwight McGill and Mark Jamal Metz. McGill, 17, is a high schoolt dropout, and Metz, 18, was just starting another year of high school. Police raided an apartment, arrested the two, and found two semi-automatic pistols in the apartment. Police believe the two are responsible for the recent reign of terror in that neighborhood. McGill and Metz admit to shooting Martin. Except for Wayne Martin, they would still be on the loose. Paulette King says she can not believe her guardian angel is gone, y