Thunderbolt • November 2004 • Volume 2-3
Partial Contents
Plot to bomb 3 law-enforcement facilities Former reserve officer survives gun battle in her store Benton Harbor predators plot to kill cops Cops & predators fight to the death Wlk Cops: A real brutality story
Bounty for killing Denver cops $5,000 & $10,000 Civilian review board and monitor to persecute Denver police IE* Nashville runs red with blood of cop and predator
Columbus, Ohio, cops capture AK-47 predator: Six wounded Predator: Shootout with cops a mistake Benton Harbor bad cop? Or innocent whistleblower?
5a Conscientious Atlanta cop robs banks
Home owner brutally murdered in gated community Editorial: A permanent home for criminals Released from prison in July, carjacks and rapes in August Shyster says his client is innocent Proud predator executes 3 in Columbus, Ohio California & Schwarzenegger outlaw .50-caliber rifles Bushmaster X-15 rifle lawsuit settled Assault weapons ban expires: What is in it for you?
Editorial: On illegal guns Symbiotic gun industry Camping not safe near Mexican border Illegal pulls knife: Agent pulls trigger Illegals hate chili pepper Asylum hearings for all illegal immigrants?
Half-truths are half-lies: Military on Mexican border Have you bought your gold front teeth yet?
Colorado crank sentenced
Road rage: Endless “ethnic intimidation” court case “Hate crime” beating of three at middle school Hell School middle school: The saga continues Whites kids on the run in rural Nebraska Blacks versus Mexicans at Montbello High School Murderers by race
is
5(1
a w mp i
4	It] Border Patrol needs
5	IM Black Hawks
6 7
Out with the old gun control: In with the new
Alien invader?
wjm■ *-
Cop robs 3 Banks

k
Gunfight winner

Khadasi Horton, 21
Rochelle Horton, 39
Paul Pratt, 23
John Mcghee, 30
Jeanene Mcghee, 30 Clarence Churchill, 29
Khadasi Horton, 21, was in the Arapahoe County, Colorado, jail. He was the leader of the infamous Horton Gang, one of the minority gangs terrorizing Denver, Colorado, during the 1980s and 1990s.
In 2000, the Colorado state attorney general’s office indicted 13 members of the gang for 88 crimes including conspiracy to commit murder, kidnapping, menacing, extortion, witness retaliation, robbery, auto theft, racketeering, weapons offenses, and drug offenses.
Horton was being held pending his trial for two unrelated crimes. One was a burglary, and the other was an armed robbery of two people. The two victims in the armed robbery were to be key witnesses against Horton.
The Arapahoe County Sheriff’s Office alleges that Horton was involved in a plot to kill both witness and to bomb three law enforcement facilities — the Arapahoe County Jail, the Arapahoe County courthouse, and the Adams County Jail.
His motives were to kill the witnesses, get vengeance, and obtain his freedom.
Sheriff s deputies—assisted by agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives—set up a sting to sell materials that Horton’s mother, 39-year-old Rochelle Horton, was trying to obtain.
Those materials included five pounds of C-4 explosive, timing and arming devices, corrosive chemicals, four handguns, and police radio scanners. The price was to be about $7,800. Because
Rochelle Horton didn’t have any money, deputies agreed to take an IOU.
Like her son, Rochelle Horton, had a lengthy police record; her record included burglary and felony assault.
The transaction was to take place in an Albertson’s grocery store parking lot at night on 15 September 2004 while the store was open. Rochelle Horton and four others (pictured to her right) showed up.
Deputies say the sale was made and Mrs. Horton’s purchases were put in the trunk of the vehicle that she had arrived in.
While grocery shoppers watched in amazement, suddenly up to 20 White jeeps appeared, blocking all traffic in the parking lot. About three dozen deputies and agents charged. Most were dressed entirely in Black, wearing full body armor, and many of them had submachine guns.
Rochelle Horton and her group were arrested. Rochelle Horton’s and Paul Pratt’s bail was set at $5 million each. The other three are each being held in lieu of $2 million bail.
Khadasi Horton temporarily has been moved to a prison. He and his five alleged co-conspirators likely will be charged with solicitation and conspiracy to commit first-degree murder, possession of an explosive (C-4 and detonators), possession of weapons by a previous offender, and conspiracy to possess corrosives (sulfuric acid).
John Mcghee said he doesn’t know anything about a plot to bomb anyone; he thought the weapons were just to rob a bank. [A judge and jury will get a kick out
of an excuse like that.jy
C-4 (Composite 4) is an excellent high-velocity plastic explosive. It is good for cutting steel or concrete. Properly placed, a small snountcan do a big job. Improperly pi ced, it just makes a big bang.
Plastic means it can e molded or pushed into cracks like the commercial modeling cla available for children.
C-4, like most explos es, is not dangerous to handle, i stonators, such as a blasting caps, i e required to explode C-4.
Slow death of law and order
On pages 4 through 13 f this issue we give a variety of articles ; shout police and predators. The cops are losing the battle due to three factors.
1.	Courts and government interfere on the side of criminals to hamstring police.
2.	The populations of Blacks and Hispanics are increasing.
3.	Forced affirmative-action hiring of minorities is lowering the efficiency of police forces and increasing corruption.
The result will be a massive increase
in crime. As in Latino countries, criminal
gangs will increase in size and armament
until they resemble guerilla armies.
The police will become just anothei of those gangs.
2 tUljunbcrboIt
#otoentber 2004
tKlmnberbolt of Truth
November 2004
VOLUME 2-3
Thunderbolt is published approximately monthly by Thunderbolt LLC with articles of interest to action-oriented Americans. Articles reflect the opinion of the authors and/or editor and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of any related organization. Single copy price is $5 [postpaid]. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year for U.S. and Canada. All other countries: $80.
If you like Thunderbolt, support it.
Others don’t know what you know. They have ncfi seen your magazine, Thunderbolt. You can give them chance to see your message.
Every month, we send free copies to thousands of 5 potential patriots. We do not send these copies blindly to the general public. Instead, we send them to those on careftilly selected mailing lists. We also advertise in mainstream magazines that our target audience is likely to be reading.
These mailings and advertisings are effective, but they are also expensive. Help us get tens of thousands of copies into the hands of those who can benefit. Thunderbolt will grow faster and be even bigger and better if you will support it with your contributions. Send what you can afford, whether it is $10 or $500. There will be no future, if you do not act today. —Robert A. DeMarais, Ph.D., Editor
a tCIjunberbott distributor and Iruth to the many who need it.

. TMitV
& Distributor Prices
Number of copies	One time purchase	6-Month Distributor Subscription	12-Month Distributor Subscription
10	$10.00	$55.00	$100.00
25	$20.00	$110.00	$200.00
50	$30.00	$165.00	$330.00
100	$50.00	$275.00	$500.00
The above prices include postage to U.S. destinations. For foreign bulk orders, please write.
fMwnberbolt
□	United States and Canada, 12 Issues $40.00
□	United States and Canada, Introductory Rate, 5 Issues J 18.00
□	All Other Countries (Airmail) 12 Issues $80.00 [Payable in U.S. dollars only]
Name:
Address:. City___
State
Zip Code.
Country.
Enclose Payment	□	Money	Order	□	Check	□	Cash
Make checks and MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC and mail to: Thunderbolt LLC PO BOX 400
MARLINTON WV 24954-0400
2-03
Thunderbolt LLC • PO Box 400 • Marlinton • WV 24954 • USA
J
{Tljunbrrbolt • © 2004
dTliiiiibri bolt JfJoOrmlier 2004	3
Former reserve officer survives gun
Judy and Bob Foster own the Mister Money check-cashing store in downtown Haines City, Florida. When she lived in Fort Collins, Colorado, she was a reserve police officer.
In 2002, she was working alone in the small store when two bandits came in to rob her. She grabbed a .38-caliber revolver and the two fled.
Long ago, Judy decided she wouldn’t be killed by predators without a fight. She had carefully rehearsed in her mind what she would do if she were robbed.
On 10 August 2004, Bob took Judy’s car to be serviced, and she was working alone in the store. Business was slow, and she was working a crossword puzzle. About 11:00 a.m., two hooded Black men entered the store.
Judy, who is 62, thought, “I’m going to be robbed. I’m going to die.”
They waved handguns and pointed them at Judy. She grabbed for her .38 as one of the men yelled, “You’re gonna give it up!”
Judy started firing, and one of the predators, Thomas Porter Wiley, 32, fell. He had been hit in the back and the bullet exited his side. Wiley jumped to his feet, and the two bandits fled out the door.
Judy had fired three times.
The men jumped into an already-moving white Chevrolet, which had been stolen the night before. It roared away.
An hour later, a woman saw a suspicious car in a parking lot. She looked inside. A man was slumped over the wheel. When police arrived, they found Wiley dead, as cold as clay. He had lived only a few minutes after Judy’s bullet had ripped through him.
Zachery Bernard Geddis, 25, believed to be the other robber, was arrested that night. Taurean Jammal Brown, 22, the suspected getaway car driver, was arrested two days later.
Needless to say, Judy was taken to police headquarters and kept there for over six hours. They took her revolver.
Police say she did nothing wrong and aren’t interested in pursuing charges. The
Judy Foster, 62, is back at work after battling predators who invaded her store. After the fight, the cops took her revolver.
	mm
	ft

state attorney’s office isn’t so sure, but likely they are just posturing, pretending to be investigating. They know that they could never get a conviction.
Judy went home that night and slept like a log without any guilty feelings. She returned to work the next day, and reporters found her doing crossword pu !es to pass the lime between cm She said ih-1 she remembers fis .r three times. “The rest is history,”
CnH
iJJIV	U «
Vhen cops shoot someone, they are put on leave and pretend to feel guilty. They are taught to do that to avoid losing lawsuits. They are forced to talk to some sick police psychologist. Then they go home and do chores for a few days. Most of them don’t feel guilty. They feel lucky to have survived and are glad they killed a potential killer. Police officers who kill suspects should get their picture on the front page, holding their gun for display.
battle m her store
with headlines reading Officer John Doe kills criminal.
An amusing side note is that Mike Adams, whose locksmith business is next to Judy’s store, says the shooting doesn’t bother him. The way Judy’s store is set up, her bullets do not fly in his direction.
The two suspects, Geddis and Brown, face charges of attempted armed robbery and second-degree murder for Wiley’s death.
It seems stupid to punish one predator for the death of another because their lives have no value. In fact, they have negative value. Killing them is a good thing. The silver lining is that these two apes will be off the streets for 15 or 20 years. Wiley had been arrested in 2003 for an armed robbery, and both Wiley and Geddis had long arrest records.
I hope Bob buys Judy a nice new revolver. A .357 probably would be the best choice.
We live in a country whe: e predators are allowed to roam the street and where 62-year-old women must en ige in gun battles, y
Cop killer gets If years
On 29 May 2001, nine hours into an 11-hour standoff, police engaged in a battle with Robert Kiro (left) in which 300 to 500 rounds were fired.
Kiro shot and killed Officer Brian Mitchell (right); Officer Michael Mitchell (no relation) was hit by friendly fire.
Kiro claimed that Brian Mitchell was killed by friendly fire. After spending millions on the case, Kiro was allowed to plead guilty to second degree murder and get 15 years. Other charges bring the
•	°	O
1 maximum number of years to 45.y
4 tThunberbolt i^obember 2004
© 2004 • tKIjunberboll
Benton Harbor predators plot to kill
Criminals have been out of control for some time in Benton Harbor, Michigan. Benton Harbor has a population of 11,200 and is 92% Black.
After the riots, state and Federal money and law enforcement officers poured in. In July 2004, the Benton Harbor police began a crackdown on drug dealers.
Getting drug dealers and drug customers off the streets is a proven way of reducing violent crime. What drug enforcement campaigns amount to is rounding up all Black males who are stupid enough or brazen enough to get caught.
According to the Benton Harbor Police Department, some of the indigenous predators did not want the police to interrupt drug sales and put majoT dealers in jail. Several criminals who were arrested tried to cut deals with the police by exposing a plot by four men to kill a random police officer. The murder was planned for 20 July 2004.
(CT
These two men are suspects in a p\ot to kill a random cop. Both were picked up tor previous parole violations. Lett is Maurice Jackson; right is Devon Burnell.
r



i

Larry Carte, 30, and Lemarco Hawkins, 24, were two ot the major drug dealers taken ott the street.

Xavier Jackson, lett, is the suspected shooter in a 17 May 2004 incident in which someone f\red seven buiiets into a man at a gas station. He was charged with assault with intent to murder.
Eric Williams, right, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon in the same gas station shooting.
When police heard that these two were involved in a plotto kill a random cop, they took the threat seriously.
r
Black men & crime
Professor Levin [in his 1997 book,
Why Race Matters: Race Differences and What They Mean] reviews some of the statistics on Black criminals that you may have heard. For example, a Black is 7.8 times as likely to be in prison as a White.”	■
Over 30% of the Black men between 23 and 29 are imprisoned for a felony. In major cities, it is worse.
At any one time, 42% of the Black males in Washington, DC are in jail, on parole, on probation, or being sought by police.
In Detroit, the number is somewhere between 45% and 50%.	1
In Baltimore, it is 56%.
Another study found that in one year,
25% of the Black men in Little Rock, Arkansas, were arrested for a felony.
Yet another study shows that in the District of Columbia, 85% of the Black males will be arrested at some point in their lives.
What does this mean? It means that recruiting Black cops is difficult, if for no other reason than that many of them have criminal records.
It means that if business and government require affirmative action hiring of Blacks, many of those hired are going to be criminals.
It also means that when you see Black men you should be concerned. About four out of ten of them are convicted criminals, who got caught. How many haven’t been caught or never willW*^
After the cops received reports from several independent snitches, they took the threat seriously and began looking for the four men identified as the plotters.
Police already should have had a dragnet out for the four because all were wanted criminals.
Two of them—Maurice Jackson, 23, and Devon Burnell, 25 — were wanted for parole violation.
Xavier Jackson, 21, and Eric Williams, 26, were wanted for assault with intent to murder for a 17 May 2004
oting at a gas station in which a man i- shot seven times.
Police quickly picked up Xavier J ackson, Burnell, and Williams, and were still looking for Maurice Jackson.
Before World War 11, Benton Harbor was a clean, peaceful, a\\-White town. It was considered the place to live in the area.
Oxford scholar John Baker in his great book “Race” suggested that Blacks are not civilization capable. What do you think? H

p
•'	av; all of them.
!| can'i ;ep them on Hole.. You can’t keep them from getting guns. You can’t keep them all on psychiatric drugs, and they are not going to change. What is your solution? H
t£t)\mbttboU • © 2004
{D)unhevboU ifrobembet 2004	5
Close encounters of the worst kind: Cops and predators fight to the death in pointblank Durham gun battles
Incident #1
At about 1:30 a.m. on the morning of 12 July 2004, Officer McDonough of the Durham, North Carolina, Police Department was on patrol in the projects with two other officers. The three were dispatched to go to nearby Wiggins Street to respond to a loud-music complaint.
There they saw a group of youths facing off against William Antonio Rochelle, 15, in the street. The group ran in one direction, and Rochelle ran in another.
McDonough chased Rochelle into a trash-littered wood and caught him. Rochelle resisted arrest, and the two fought a wrestling match in the dark woods.
Rochelle pulled a stolen 9 mm pistol. The first that Officer McDonough knew of it was when a blast exploded in his face. Still wrestling, McDonough jerked his .45-caliber, put it behind Rochelle’s back, and pulled the trigger twice.
The big bullets ripped through Rochelle, shredding his heart and lungs and turning them to gelatin. Rochelle fell dead into the trash and dirt. Both bullets made large exit wounds.
In the violent struggle, the predator’s bullet had somehow missed McDonough’s head, but his face was burned by the fire and particles from Rochelle’s muzzle blast.
William Antonio Rochelle, 15
6 tCInmbrrbolt Jloticmbcr 2004
Some of you readers dislike the graphic descriptions in Thunderbolt. Violent death is not pretty. McDonough fought it out alone with a desperate predator whose goal was to murder McDonough if that’s what it took to escape.
Rochelle’s father thinks the officer should have shot his son in the foot. Others in the Black community say youths should be provided with the two things they get from gang membership — money and self-esteem.
This was the first suspect shot to death in Durham since officers D. T. Rose and R. C. Spivey shot Angelo Francisco Lopez, 41, on 2 June 1996. Lopez pointed a small .25-caliber handgun at the officers, and both of them shot him one time in the chest, y
Incident #2
Officer Terry Anderson, 43, was off-duty but in uniform working security at the Red Roof Inn in Durham, North Carolina, on 29 July 2004. He was in the back office behind the clerk’s desk.
At 1:30 a.m., the clerk ran into the back office saying they were being robbed. Officer Terry jumped up just as two hooded men invaded the back room. One man, Marcus Snead, 17, tired a 9 mm silver semiautomatic handgun at Terry. Terry drew his .45-caliber weapon and
Dale Petrone Marable, 16, honor student
fired back killing Snead.
Terry was lucky. The gun battle was at little more than arm’s length.
The other predator fled. Police quickly arrested Dale Petror Marable, 16, near the Red Roof In He was charged and then released to s parents.
Marable was later charg d with an armed robbery of a Circle Kji two days before the attempted robbery f the Red Roof Inn. He was rearrested d held on $120,000 bond.
He got the bond reduced $75,000. His mother posted it, and M able was freed.
Marable and Snead were Sieved to be good middleclass kids. M? able is an honor student and is a wide i ceiver for his high school football team
Lock up those bad gun owners
It turns out that some criminal stole the 9 mm pistol that criminal William Antonio Rochelle, 15, used to try to kill Officer McDonough. For all we know, Rochelle stole it.
Obviously, if Rochelle didn’t have the gun, McDonough wouldn’t have sent Rochelle to Hades, reasons the Durham media. They claim it wasn’t just the guns fault; it was also the fault of the woman whose gun was stolen. The would-be cop killer, of course, is just an innocent victim.
© 2004 • tKijunberbolt
arid
?sath
If the would-be cop killer had not had the woman’s gun, he would have had another. During the lethal wrestling match, Rochelle might even have grabbed the officer’s service weapon and used it.
Joanie Ross, a health educator with the Durham County Health Department said, “Whoever owns a gun needs to be responsible for it.” If that is the case, the woman whose gun was stolen should get a medal for the elimination of this would-be cop killer.
Of course, the NRA thinks all guns should be locked up. The NRA makes millions annually from advertising appearing in their magazines for gun locks, gun boxes, and gun safes. The NRA thinks that locks will prevent Blacks and Mexicans from slaughtering each other and anyone else that gets in their sights.
Rob Faggart, Durham’s coordinator of Project Safe Neighborhoods, which targets gun violence, said, “Having a gun in your car is not a good idea.” On the contrary, it is better than being caijacked, raped, and murdered.
Jessica Forrest, assistant director of North Carolinians Against Gun Violence, says children aren’t safe around guns. “The first time they’re left alone in a room with a gun, it’s the first thing they go for,” she said. Maybe her children have no self-control, but millions of White kids grow up in homes where most of them have access to guns and very few even touch them without their parents’ permission.
There must be thousands and thousands of “workers” like Ross, Faggart, and Forrest on the public payroll being paid to spread this anti-gun nonsense.
William Antonio Rochelle, 15, was born irresponsible. He and his kind cannot be trusted with guns any more than an English sheep dog can be trusted with a platter of Oreos.
If Blacks cannot be trusted with guns, then they ought to be kept in pens like dogs. That, of course, is not practical. It would be far easier just to give them their own land; then what they did would not matter one iota to us.y
Cops;
!"^ggi
. with predators
^I6al ^utalitv story

Officer Chr;|topher Russell faced brutality every day on the streets of New Orleans, He never saw his second child.
On 4 August 2002, New Orleans police officer Christopher Russell was working in the early morning. It was his scheduled day off, but he volunteered to work to save up leave time.
Russell’s wife, Bonnie, was pregnant and taking care of their 13-month-old daughter. Russell knew that he would need to be at home to help out after she had the baby.
With him that morning was Mary Colon, a rookie who had just gotten out of the police academy.
Russell and Colon were dispatched to the Club Tango, a small neighborhood bar. The bartender had called the police and reported a panhandler in the bar.
It was a very routine assignment. Russell pulled the car up in front of the club. Just then, a man, Dwight Patterson, walked out of the club. Patterson calmly walked up to the cruiser bent over and peered inside. He pulled a .40-caliber pistol and fired through the window into Russell at pointblank range.
Russell had no warning as the bullets ripped through the glass and killed him.
Colon radioed in and within minutes the police had the entire area blocked off.
Police found that Patterson and three other Black men had been inside the bar and had forced all 16 customers to strip and hand over all their money and valuables. They threatened the barmaid several times demanding more money.
Dwight Patterson is an expert on and 3 witness to brutality. He was nothing while free on the outside, but fellow Black prisoners will respect him for being a cop killer.
The bandits walked out the door, just as an unsuspecting Russell pulled up in his police car.
Patterson couldn’t find a way through the police lines. He took off his shirt and threw it away knowing that it could link to the shooting. He was arrested there sitting in a pickup.
itterson maintains that he is totally >:nt, and he shows absolutely no *se. His DNA was found on the er weapon and on a .357-caliber r used in the robbery. Officer ’ i dentified him as the shooter, and maid identified him as one of the
rc
On 28 July 2004, a jury sentenced (erson to life in prison after having found him guilty two days earlier. Testimony from Bonnie Russell, described as a petite blond by the news media, and Russell’s mother did not win even a single juror’s vote for the death penalty.
The other suspects — Willie Wilbon, 37; Michael Davis, 33; and Bradley Armstrong, 22 — have not yet been tried but are also charged with capital murder. M
QTfiunbrrbolt Jftotoembrr 2004	7

Bounty for killing Denver cops $5,000, $10,000 if you bring in his badge
On 26 July 2004, Denver, Colorado, police were called to the “mostly Hispanic and Black” South Lincoln Park housing project area to investigate suspicious flyers.
Police won’t disclose the details of the flyers. They were from an unknown group called N.U.F.F. and offered a “cop killer program” with bounties of $5,000 for a “crooked cop’s life” and “$10,000 a badge.”
Lincoln Park is where a police officer killed Frank Lobato, a Hispanic. The flyer pictured photos of Lobato and Paul Childs, a Black. The media call them hate flyers, and Denver’s Hispanic leaders are distancing themselves from the flyers, a clear indication that the flyers were Latino in origin.
The usual organizations that investigate hate flyers have not commented. The Southern Poverty Law Center says only that it will start a file. The FBI says they will not enter the case unless the Denver police insist that they do so.
Frank Lobato: Frank Lobato was killed by accident by Denver Police officers on 12 July 2004.
The death of Frank Lobato, 63, was a blow to Denver’s Hispanic community. Lobato’s arrest record goes back to at least 1959 and includes numerous drug possessions, burglaries, robberies, and
assaults. The coroner reported that Lobato had severe cirrhosis of the liver and extensive evidence of intravenous drug use.
His family hadn’t heard from Lobato for eight years. Then a week before his death, he got in contact with his nephew Vincent Martinez, 38. Martinez dragged the semi-bedridden Lobato home and put him in a bedroom on the second floor.
Martinez isn’t yet the model citizen his uncle Lobato was, but he is working on it. His arrest record goes back to 1980, but most of his charges are for assault and domestic violence.
Early on the morning of 12 July 2004, police answered an emergency call from Martinez’s wife, Cathy Sandoval. She said that Senor Martinez held her prisoner for 17 hours, wouldn’t let her leave, and assaulted her. Police label this “domestic violence” and kidnapping, but it is plain old wife-beating.
Police arrived and talked to Sandoval. She said that Martinez was upstairs and unarmed. Meanwhile, unknown to police, Martinez had jumped out a second story window, broke both legs, and crawled or hobbled away to make his escape.
Police ordered Martinez to come downstairs. For some reason police didn’t want to go up the stairs to get him. Perhaps they were concerned that he had
Vincent Martinez, 38, takes over as role model now that his uncle is dead. He has some big shoes to fill.
a knife. There is no real pi	ection from
a man diving down a sta	*ase with a
knife.	
In any event, the poll	got a fire-
department ladder and cl	bed into a
second story window. Oi	er Ranjan
Ford opened the door to a	iroom and
saw a man in bed. He yelle	it the man,
and saw a sudden movement	something
silver in the man’s hand. F	d fired hisl
handgun, and killed Lobati	The silveil
flash came from a can of sod	hat Lobatcl
had in his hand.	]
Martinez telephoned th	police anl
surrendered the next day.	
In a heartbeat. Officer	anjan hal
killed Lobato; 63 years of bei	g “a mod d
citizen” snuffed out. Reed 1 ss to saj there were organized protests by tn Latino community.
Paul Childs: We won’t waste mini space on Paul Childs; he was cover! extensively in a past Thunderbolt.
Childs, 15, was mildly retarded. 0| day in the summer of 2003, he wl chasing his mother around the house wI a butcher knife. His sister called tl police.
The police arrived and got the sis I and mother out of the house. Four offic I confronted Childs in the doorway of I house. They repeatedly asked him to d I the knife.	I
Childs, butcher knife in hal charged the police. Officer Jim ■
At left is Frank Lobato during his prime; at right is the same man shortly before his death by police gunfire. Lobato may have died but his Hispanic values are alive and growing in Denver.
Civilian review board and police monitor to persecute Denver police
unelected board, which is stacked with 1
activists and minorities.
Denver’s future is bleak. Civilization in cities dies a slow, painful death.
Someday, cops in the U.S. will be hunted down by drug traffickers and killed the way they are in Mexico and in most of the rest of Latin America. The cops will either cooperate with the traffickers or be executed. Police forces will become corrupt and grossly ineffective. It is happening on your
When a police officer shot Paul Childs, 15, Denver was on the edge of major riots for a few days. He was one of Denver’s crazies who did not survive a confrontation with the police.
Turney fired four .45-caliber bullets into Childs and killed him.
At first, some media outlets said it was another case of a White cop shooting a Black. But Turney is half Asian, and he was only hired by the Denver Police Department because he was affirmative-action quota eligible.
Immediately after the Childs killing, the Denver police force braced for Black riots. Blacks continue occasionally to protest the Childs killing a year later.
Denver cops: Denver cops deal with dozens of potentially violent crazies every day. I very day, Denver officers are in vague and confusing situations such as occurred in Frank Lobato’s bedroom.
Every move that cops make is a guess, a calculated risk. Sometimes, they guess wrong.
If all of Denver’s cops were White, there would be fewer wrong guesses, fewer dead crazies, but there would still be dead crazies.
if all of Denver’s citizens were White, there would be far fewer crazies. There would be far fewer confrontations.
If all of Denver’s citizens were White, essentially there would be no protests of police killings. Blacks protested the C hiIds killing only because he was Black. Hispanics protested the
Denver police officer Kevin Kreuzer (above) is living proof of the risk of confrontation with Denver’s crazies. He was gunned down during a routine traffic stop by pistolero Robert Joe Zamora. Kreuzer is back patrolling on Denver’s streets while Zamora spends a few years cooling his heels in prison.
killing of Lobato only because he was Hispanic.
When a White is killed, there is no protest. The non-Whites don’t care about dead crackers and dead gringos. Whites are intelligent enough to know that, in potentially violent confrontations, cops sometimes kill a crazy.
Denver police officer Kevin Kreuzer, a White, made a “routine traffic stop” on 7 January 2004. Robert Joe Zamora, a Hispanic, jumped out of the stopped vehicle and fired a long barrage of shots at Kreuzer. The officer went down but managed to return lire. Unhurt, Zamora ran and was eventually arrested; Kreuzer recovered from his wound.
There was no protest from the Hispanics or anyone else about this vicious murder attempt.
The future: Denver is about to go under. One sure sign is the establishment of a police review board and/or a police monitor. Thunder boh has covered these in other issues for cities like Louisville
and Cincinnati.
Basically the mayor and city council turn over their responsibilities to an
watch, y
Denver cops kill Luis Rodelas-Acuna
At about 2 a.m. on 18 October 2003, Denver police were called to the home of Luis Rodelas-Acuna, 29, where he was having another of his loud drunken parties in the dirt front yard of his parents’ home. Neighbors did not complain about the party because it is a very common practice in that neighborhood.
The 911 call said Acuna had a knife and had assaulted his parents. Acuna was in the front yard, and he attacked an arriving officer with a pickax. Officer Michael Ahrens fired several shots into Acuna at pointblank range, killing him.
Acuna’s, 22-year-old wife Ana Rios, said Acuna only had a stick about as big around as a pencil. The cops killed him and then planted the pickax as evidence. The Denver media reported that the Hispanic community was “tense” for several days after the killing.
Luis Rodelas-Acuna was unemployed and spoke only Spanish. Rios was pregnant with Acuna’s child. H
CZriHiubiM’Lioll JlloUemlier 2004
9
Nashville runs red with blood of cop and predator after gun battle
H a	J J		J	mm
Officer Cole Womack		Officer Peter Lynch		Officer Sungjun Park
At 3:30 a.m. on 19 July 2004, Nashville, Tennessee, Officer Cole Womack spotted a Mercury Sable at the gas pumps of the Citgo Market at 500 Main Street. Womack routinely ran the car’s license plate on his laptop computer and saw that it belonged on a Ford Ranger pickup truck.
The car was occupied by a man and a woman. The woman, 33, later said she had gone voluntarily with the driver, Solon Rodney Baker, 39, but that he was holding her against her will.
As Baker pulled away from the Citgo, Womack activated his police car’s blue lights in an effort to stop the Sable. Baker stopped momentarily and then roared away. Womack pursued the driver at a speed of around 70 mph. Baker slow ed down, and the woman jumped out of the car. She later told police that when Baker saw Womack’s police car, he talked about killing cops.
Baker accelerated, drove down several streets and into an alley. He wrecked the car in a yard to the right of the alley. He jumped out and ran through the yard.
Officer Womack gave chase, as Officer Peter Lynch drove into the alley and parked behind Womack’s police cruiser.
As Womack ran past some houses. Baker opened fire on him with a semiautomatic pistol from behind a large bush. Womack could not clearly see the gunman
and took concealment behind another large bush.
As Lynch approached from across the street, Baker opened fire on him. Caught in the open, Lynch went down with a wound in the thigh just above the right knee.
Baker continued to fire at the wounded Lynch lying in street. Lynch began firing back. Womack came from behind his bush and began firing at Baker, who began receiving hits.
Officer Sungjun Park joined the gun battle, and the three cops had Baker in an intense crossfire until Baker finally collapsed. They had shot him in his head, right foot and right leg.
Baker managed to live five days and ran up a very large hospital bill before the plug was finally pulled.
Officer Peter Lynch was released from the hospital after two days.
At least four bullets — two from the officers and two from Baker—hit houses in the area.
The Nashville police have released no further details, y
Tried of hokey, feel-good stories in the news media? Get the unvarnished truth. Subscribe to (Eljtinbcrbolt. See page 3.
Think of Solon Rodney1 iker, 39, the next time you hear statis s about Black “suspects” being kille )y racist cops. Baker is no stranger ) police; he was charged with 85 ffenses between July 1985 and April 2004.
At the time of the 19 July 2004 shootout, Baker was wante on four outstanding arrest warrants fiarging possession of marijuana fc resale, unlawful handgun possession by a convicted felon, evading arrest, and patronizing prostitution.
Criminals featured in Thunderbolt range from those with more than 100 prior arrests to those who have never been arrested before. The lack of a past police record gives no assurance that the individual is not a threat.
Like many criminals, Baker’s little mind just seemed to snap, and he chose to ambush and kill the cops that he could not outrun. Baker lost the gun battle, y
10 tPiunbrrboll /iotirmbrr 2004
to 2004 • (Eliuiiberboli
Good cops in a
liiilHTlflliim
ggle with predators
Predator: Shootout with cops a mistake
Columbus, Ohio, cops capture AK-47 predator: Six wounded
Police in Columbus, Ohio, alleged that on the night of 11 July 2004 at about 7:24 p.m.,Alawwa Knowles, 23, got into an argument with two other men on a street.
Knowles shot the two and then fled in a black Jeep. Their wounds were not serious, and it’s not clear what type of firearm that he used in that shooting.
About 8:00 police spotted Knowles’ Jeep on the Interstate and tried to pull him over. Knowles accelerated and fired an AK-47 at the pursuing officers.
An officer trying to deploy “spike sticks,” heard pursuing officers yell to him, “He’s shooting get out of the way.” The officer dove for cover as the shooter roared by.
Knowles drove into a residential neighborhood, still firing at pursuing police. He was steering with his left hand aid leaning out the window firing his AK-47 with his right hand.
One pursuing police car was hit by a bullet, and shattered glass ripped into the face of Officer Dan Jones.
Knowles jumped out of his vehicle and began firing at arriving officers. One officer was grazed on the head and arm. Five officers returned fire with their .45-caliber service pistols.
Bullets hit parked cars, splattered bark off trees, and ripped through homes. One tore across a woman’s cheek while she was in her house. Another penetrated a house where two children were watching a Harry Potter video.
Knowles was hit and fell. He was rushed to the hospital, but his wound was not life-threatening. He was treated and released into police custody and taken to jail. Alawwa Knowles was charged with four counts of attempted murder.
All the officers involved were taken to police headquarters and interrogated into the early hours of the next morning, y
Willard King, 37, gets booked.
On 17 August 2003, South Bend, Indiana, Officer Rick Ruszkowski, 25, and his partner were on a drug investigation, dressed in plain clothes.
At 11:50 p.m., three men approached and attempted to rob the two officers. One or more of the predators was armed with a handgun. The officers drew their weapons as one of the predators opened fire.
Ruszkowski was shot, and the officers fired back, hitting one predator, later identified as Willard King, 37.
The other predators surrendered, but King managed to limp away and was arrested five hours later.
Reports variously describe Ruszkowski’s wound as being in the upper leg, groin, or hip. His bother Scott, who also is a South Bend cop said, “Rick has soft tissue damage, muscle damage, ligament damage, and nerve damage. Whether these are permanent, temporary... a month, a day, a year, we don’t know that right now.”
King was treated at the hospital, booked, and then released on $7,500 bond.
Chrissy Ruszkowski, Rick’s wife, was angry that a convicted drug dealer, who admits he shot her husband, was out on such a low bond. The prosecutor did not charge King with shooting a cop; King was only charged with attempted robbery, felon in possession of a firearm, and marijuana charges.
Willard King, out on $7,500 bond, grants interview to news media.
The prosecutor claimed that he was waiting on medical reports before even considering any shooting charges. Perhaps aggravated assault and attempted murder are no longer illegal in Indiana.
King claims he is innocent. His story is th o guys stole something from one of th cen that he was with, and he was jusi tg to take it back. The shooting wa a misunderstanding, King said.
seemed to be enjoying strutting an vith a slight limp and jiving with rep* rs.
September 3, the prosecutor charges of attempted robbery and rd\	tied robbery, but the judge refused
to case the bond until he had Mr. King ligated further as to King’s liken hood of jumping bond. ^
Chrissy Ruszkowski can’t understand how Willard King can admit he shot her husband, and then walk out of jail on $7,500 bond.
fljunberbolt | © 2004
tZHIjuiiberboU ilolu'inlun- 2004
«rj3
Bad cops, bad cops, wat cha gonna do when they come for you, bad cops, bad cops
•PJ3
Benton Harbor bad cop? Or innocent whistleblower?
Thurston, Colorado, gives predators badges
m

The Benton Harbor Police Department (BHPD) hired Dennie Brown (pictured) in 1994. Even in a town that is 92% Black, Black police candidates are hard to find.
Throughout his career, the BHPD had numerous small problems with Brown.
His first big problems came in 1997 when he was arrested for illegally strip searching a woman and for stealing a BB gun.
He was fired in 1998, but, in two separate trials, juries found Brown not guilty of the two charges.
He filed a grievance, and an arbitrator ordered the BHPD to rehire him.
With Brown back on the force, the BHPD’s problems with Brown continued.
In 2002, a new police chief was hired, and he decided that Brown could start over with a clean slate. That same year. Brown’s wife, Kenya, was convicted of larceny.
In January 2003, the BHPD hired a new captain, A1 Mingo, who went around talking to citizens to get the lay of the land. Mingo said that the most common citizen complaint that he heard was the demand to get rid of that “dirty cop,” Dennie Brown. He says he heard it from fifth graders up through elderly citizens.
BHPD officials say Brown was often insubordinate with superior officers and
used profanity against them. He also was absent from critical training sessions.
Brown investigated an armed robbery in which a suspect was captured. Strangely, Brown classified the robbery as a “suspicious incident,” and he released the perpetrator. Another officer rearrested the suspect, who later was convicted for the armed robbery.
In another case, a girl reported a sexual attack. Brown says he did a report, but it somehow got lost.
Then our star officer, while on duty in a city police car, took his daughter to school. Worse, he went out of city limits, his jurisdiction, to do it, and he did not ask permission.
The BHPD says it made numerous attempts to rehabilitate Brown but finally fired him on 9 July 2003.
Brown sued the city for $2.8 million, claiming he was fired for being a whistle blower, y


According to the New Orleans police department, one of their officers Tiji Sherman, 25. was threatening prostitutes with arrest it they did not have sex with him.
After complaints from two victims, officials on 18 June 2004 sent two policewomen to Sherman's beat dressed as prostitutes. He pulled over in his police cruiser and threatened to arrest them if they did not have sex with him.
He was arrested and suspended
without pay. y
In June 2004, a woman in Thurston, Colorado, sued the sheriff’s office and former deputy Dallas Hoga; pictured, for Hogan raping her on £ February 2002.
Hogan’s was in uniform nd pulled the woman over for a fictitio warrant. In October 2004, Hogan pie ed guilty to reduced charges for the in dent and was sentenced to 18 months i prison.
The lawsuit for $3.5 millic contends that the Sheriff’s Department new that other women had complai d about attacks by Hogan and did notl lg.
Apparently, affirmativ ^ action deputies are hard to recruit in Th urston. H
Bad cops
To the extent that our law enforcement agencies become incompetent and corrupt, our safety and civilization will decline.
Much of the decline comes from hiring the most qualified non-Whites rather than the most qualified man.
The “most-qualified” minorities are not fit or suitable to be cops.
12 (Tbunbrrbolt Jlourmbrr 2004
© 2004 • (Ebunbribolt
Conscientious Atlanta cop robs banks
Atlanta, Georgia, Police Officer Stanley Street, was, according to another officer, “very conscientious and a help to businesses in the area, giving them tips on safety.” Maybe he was just casing their businesses.
He also has a private security firm that he operates on the side called Atlanta’s Finest Security Company.
In mid July 2004, Officer Street was put on administrative leave for a domestic dispute. The Atlanta police have released no details on that incident. During that suspension, he was caught working a private security detail, which is against the rules when an officer is on administrative leave. He received a 15-day suspension for the illegal job.
Officer Stanley Street
On 29 June 2004, a man in a ski mask carrying a 9 mm semi-automatic handgun robbed a branch of the Wachovia Bank of $30,585,
The FBI says the same man robbed another Wachovia Bank branch on 20 July, stealing an amount that the FBI has not disclosed. [The FBI takes over all bank robbery investigations.]
On 30 August 2004, according to the FBI, the man robbed the same Wachovia branch that he had robbed on 29 June.
During the 29 June robbery, the robber was polite, but on 30 August he said, “Don’t give me the red dye pack like you did last time.” He jumped up on the counter; pointed his gun down at tellers; HI used vile racial expletives and threatening language (see photo). The tellers handed over $59,627, and the robber fled.
He escaped in a car, but he was chased by a bank customer who got the license plate number.
The license plate number came back to a rental car owned by Hertz. Hertz said it had been rented to Stanley Street in his own name.
Ti night. Street was arrested as he attempt . I to back out of the driveway of his home.I
I II FBI says Street confessed, but his law y er insists Street is a model cop. Street w ill plead “not guilty.”A"
Robber on the counter points gun down
Bad Border Patrol
Senor Noe Aleman, 40, is a Border Patrol agent in Yesla, Texas. In 1996, he was accused of sexual abuse by two Honduran women. The Border Patrol fired him. An arbitrator ordered the Border Patrol to rehire him with back pay and benefits.
In July 2004, Aleman was indicted for conspiracy, illegal alien smuggling, harboring illegal aliens, and encouraging illegal entry. The scheme involved his three nieces from Mexico.
He adopted them and then got them into the U.S. on a one-day visa to attend an immigration hearing. They stayed. He filed various papers with immigration and lied about a number of things, including the ages of the nieces who are somewhere between 15 and 23 years old. He wasn’t even consistent in his lies. He kept the nieces illegally in the U.S. for six months.
Senor Aleman was arrested and suspended from the Border Patrol.
Were the three young women deported? Hell no! They have been sent to live with another relative in El Paso.y
Bad parole officer/ director loses lawsuit
Robert Perry is the brother of two exprofessional football players, William “The Refrigerator” Perry and Michael Dean Perry.
He was director of the Aiken County,
Georgia, Pr	bation, Parole, and Pardons
Services o	s he made $44,000
per year Dur	■ v enforcement
officer	1 written demands
that Pe	.ie parole violation warrants
forac	istopher Bowman, who
was	breaking his parole.
They me	i get this dangerous
crim	!he street. For some reason,
Perrv	ssued any warrants.
	her 2000, Bowman com-
mitt	.2 ary in which he killed one
pers.	mounded two.
firin	ed. He appealed his lied. During that appeal,
he di . . sot v <	muon race.
m p-rry 1	; parole depart-
ment m Ft.	al court claiming racial
discriminate On 1 Sej:	2004, a jury decided
against Perry	and he lost the lawsuit.
Some readers may view this as a victory. But it is not. Even allowing this kind of Black nonsense into court is a loss. It would have been a bigger loss had Perry won the lawsuit.
Don’t worry about Robert “The Brain” Perry. After being fired by the parole board, he was quickly hired by the Georgia Department of Juvenile Justice, y
tKIjunbcibolt Jftobember 2004	13
Home owner brutally murdered in invasion in gated community
On 6 October 1986, Guy Funkhouser, a boiler inspector, was in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on business. He was robbed and shot through the heart in the parking lot of a motel. The police’s chief suspect was Ernest “Jose” Gallegos, who has numerous aliases.
Police did not have enough evidence to charge Gallegos. They still have one strand of hair found in Mr. Funkhouser’s hand. It has never been tested for DNA, but with new advances in DNA testing, police hope it may yield a clue. That investigation hangs by a single strand of human hair.
An Albuquerque police spokesman describes Gallegos as being a one-man “crime wave.” Gallegos’ convictions include larceny, robbery, assault, fraud, forgery, and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. However his primary problems with the law had stemmed from larceny and robbery. He has been to prison several times.
Gallegos has only lived in Albuquerque part of his adult life, and he often moves. Police suspect he has committed crimes elsewhere.
In the summer of2004, Gallegos was working for Wholesale Mirror. Wholesale Mirror was one of the contractors working on the Albuquerque residence of James and Carole Hogan. Gallegos worked inside the Hogans’ house and had opportunity to case the place for safes, security systems, etc.
James Hogan, 57, had recently retired from Sandia Labs. Hogan’s home was in one of those upscale gated “communities,” where people with money barricade themselves from the growing menace of the predator population.
On the night of 24 August 2004, a man who police believe was Ernest “Jose” Gallegos, 43, invaded the Hogans’ home. He expertly tied the couple’s hands with plastic ties and gagged them with duct tape.
Then he searched their home for loot.
Ernest “Jose” Gallegos is suspected in the home invasion and the brutal murder of James Hogan. He is far more dangerous than he looks.
At some point, Gallegos told them he had broken in and disabled their security system three days before. He said he had just killed their dogs. He also said he had been hired to kill James Hogan, which the police believe was just a bluff.
He said that he would forgo killing Mr. Hogan if Mr. Hogan would open the safe where Mrs. Hogan’s jewelry and other valuables were kept. Gallegos took Mr. Hogan into another room to open the safe. Carole Hogan heard four loud noises. Police aren’t saying how James Hogan was murdered but have said it was very brutal.
Carole Hogan managed to get to a telephone and somehow called 911. Police entering the area, stopped a pickup registered to Gallegos. A man fitting Gallegos’ description got out, but he outran police, jumped a wall, and escaped into the night. Albuquerque police are forbidden to shoot at escaping suspects.
Gallegos is still out there. He has many contacts in Hispanic communities in other cities and towns. He may be very hard to find. When the money from the Hogan robbery runs out, he’ll have to find some more. Perhaps he will go back into the armed-robbery business, or maybe he’ll find another job like the one he had with Wholesale Mirror.
In any event, Gallegos and millions like him are still out there.
Your loved ones are not safe. Whether they live in a nice home in a gated community or a rural home in North Dakota, there are predators in their area.
Knee-jerk politicians will say that Gallegos should have never been working for Wholesale Mirror. Politicians may demand security checks for such workers, but millions of men are employed in the building trades, and many of them drift from employer to employer.
In a better world, Gallegos would have been permanently locked up years ago. But this isn’t a better world; in a perfect world, Gallegos would have never been bom. We cannot possibly lock them all up.
Nor can we restrict ex-con ictsfrom the building trades.
Statistics vary on re divism (relapsing back into crime) o eleased criminals. But one recent n ^spaper article said 70% of released pri ners are rearrested within three years (. e inset). That means that 70% of crimim go right back to criminal activity on bein released from prison. And those are jus he ones who get caught.
The prison population in the U.S. is already 400% of the level it wa 20 years ago and is growing.
What is your solution? Yoi editor’s solution is on the following pa;. r.y
“Bureau of Justice Statistics also show that, as of 2001, nearly 70 percent of all released prisoners will be rearrested within three years. Of state parolees, only 42 percent completed their parole terms without reoffending, a rate that has remained constant for a decade.” Source; Bill Moyers, PBS (Public Broadcasting System) 27 August 2004.
14 {Eljunberbolt Jfrobeinber 2004
© 2004 • QTIjunberbolt
Predators attack thoi^ can't fight back
Editorial: A permanent home for criminals
The solution to our criminal problem is permanent elimination of criminal populations from a White homeland. That means segregating or deporting minorities.
Some of you may think your editor is hard on minorities and easy on Whites. The truth is thatljust want to remove non-Whites from our territory by the most expeditious means. Permanent deportation would be a good end for the Ernest “Jose” Gallegos and O J Simpsons.
The goal is saving our race, not punishing non-Whites. I have zero interest in vengeance. Vengeance is an emotion, and we must be rational about our survival.
I have 100% interest in what is good for our race. What is best for our race is good and moral.
So the question is “what is the benefit to our race of releasing White criminals back into [society?” As far as I’m
concerned, if 70% of released White criminals end up being rearrested, there is no reason to release any of them. If their labors in prison do not pay for their keep, they should be summarily executed.
U fact, whole classes of violent White criminals, especially murderers, should be executed within 90 days of conviction.
! White sex offender should ever see i light of day after he has been convicted.
White criminals running loose in our homeland present two problems. One is the potential harm that they threaten — physical danger to people and damage they do to society. The other problem is that they pollute the gene pool. Children of criminals tend to become criminals.
You can argue about exactly which classes of White criminals should be executed, permanently incarcerated, or given a second chance. But the right that
the courts should regard as paramount is the right of those who have not committed a crime to live free from predators.
Convicted criminals should have no individual right to a second chance, rehabilitation, etc. What we choose to do with them should depend on how it benefits our race.
[Few White prisoners are fond of Thunderbolt. Some who have purchased a sample copy complain that I’m too hard on White convicts. I have only two prisoner subscribers.]
In summary, what needs to be done to minorities is just physical removal. What needs to be done to criminal Whites is permanent physical and genetic removal by incarceration or execution. They should be released only if there is a likely net benefit in doing so.
Our Cause is the survival and future of our race.y
MMBBBMHMBBBBWOTMWWWrraiTTiri—■M'Biriunmrw—n———
Criminals distrust the police and so do races of criminals.
■HODKWK
Released from prison in July, carjacks and rapes in i|g
Grain Valley and Blue Springs, Missouri, were considered fairly safe places; they are just east of Kansas City, Missouri.
On 31 August 2004 at 5:15 p.m., a
31-year-old woman had just gotten off
work at the Owner-Operator Independent
Driver’s Association in Grain Valley,
Missouri. She later said, “I walked out
by myself. I was having a good day.”
A Black man in a car drove up beside
her car. She moved, but not fast enough.
“1 just smiled and tried to get into my car
quickly because I was a little
uncomfortable. The next thing I know, I
was being shoved into my car and had a
knife to my side.”
The man, who police believe to be
Jerry L. Banks, 44, forced her to go to
two locations where he each time tried to
rape her. She later said, “I was certain I
was dead.” At a third location, he did rape her.
Banks then drove her to nearby Blue Springs where he forced her at knifepoint to withdraw money from a bank.
He released her at a liquor store.
Police quickly put out a bulletin for Banks, who they described as a 5-foot 10-inch Black man with slicked-back hair and a gold front tooth, weighing about 175 pounds. How they identified Banks as a suspect so fast isn’t clear. He is charged with 18 counts, including kidnapping, sodomy, rape, and armed criminal action.
Banks was sent to prison in 1991 for a ghastly rape. He was released to a Topeka, Kansas, half-way house in July 2004. He may be headed to Chicago.
The victim commented about Banks being released from prison. She said, “Just that they’re letting people go so easily ... that they actually believe these people can be rehabilitated and let out into the public. I don’t think they can be.”
]JU§1
right. They should not be allo\ uck in public. But we cannot keef i all locked up. What is your soli

1
Jerry L. Banks cannot be rehabilitated. Rehabilitated means to restore to formerly fit or proper behavior. He was never fit; he was born unfit. He is a monster unfit for society.
®bunberbo(t • 92004
QHjuuberbolt Jftobeinber 2004	15
Shyster says his client is an innocent “Black man accused of murdering a White woman.”
Anthony Shariff Gay, had lived in the same Tucson, Arizona, apartment complex as Stacy McKeown, 20. He moved seven blocks away.
Stacy was a college student and had many friends. She lived alone with just a small dog for companionship.
On 10 April 2001, Gay broke into her apartment, stabbed her 23 times, raped her dying body, and looted her apartment. She bled to death sometime after the rape. He pawned her belonging to buy crack cocaine.
Do not continue this story unless you are prepared to get angry.
The prosecutor stated: “That ... the victim was stabbed more than 20 times is strong evidence that the sexual encounter was not consensual.... the pattern of blood on his (Gay’s) blue jeans suggested that he engaged in sexual contact after the victim was bleeding profusely.”
Deputy County Attorney Teresa Godoy told the jury that Gay killed Stacy because: “She wouldn’t.... She wouldn’t consent to having her property taken; she wouldn’t consent to sex. So he took her life, stabbing her over and over and over again. Why? Because she wouldn’t.”
Godoy also demonstrated in court that Stacy continued to fight bravely for her life during the stabbing attack.
The evidence tying Gay to the murder was overwhelming. He finally was tried and convicted in May 2004. He was sentenced to life in prison in August 2004.
Read what his lawyer, Joseph St. Louis, said. According to the Tucson Citizen newspaper, “His attorneys contended that Gay had a consensual sexual relationship with McKeown and panicked when he found her stabbed to death. They said that explained why her blood was on his clothes and his semen was found in her body.”
St. Louis said, “When Anthony Gay left the bedroom, Stacy McKeown was still alive.” According to St. Louis, Gay just was trying to find some beer in the
Anthony Shariff Gay is petted by one of his taxpayer-funded shysters while another makes notes.
refrigerator. He heard McKeown scream and raced back to see her bloody body lying on the floor. [Her apartment was small.]
“He tried to help her, and he got blood on his shirt and blood on his hands in the course of trying to figure out what was going on,” St. Louis said. “He’s not guilty, because he didn’t kill this lady. He was over at her apartment that night, but when she was killed, he wasn’t there.”
“You can tell whoever killed this lady was in a heat of passion,” said St. Louis.
St. Louis added that Anthony Shariff Gay is a “Black man accused of murdering a White woman.”
This is the standard defense that lawyers give for Blacks who commit heinous crimes. Shyster St. Louis is White.
Stacy’s parents, Connie and Scott McKeown, had to sit in court listening to this shyster say that Anthony Shariff Gay had consensual sex with their daughter and that is why his semen was in her and that Gay tried to save her life. They had to listen to St. Louis say that Gay was getting a beer while she was stabbed 23 times. St. Louis had the unmitigated gall to say that Anthony Shariff Gay was the victim — just another nice Black man wrongly being blamed for a White woman’s rape and murder.
Who is worse, Gay or St. Louis? Who is worse, the subhuman or the White who lies and blames Whites for victimizing an accused Black?
Defense attorneys brought in Gay’s father, Leonard Gay, to testify on behalf of his son. Leonard testified that he, like his son Anthony, was a crackhead and a criminal. Anthony’s lawyer admitted Anthony had a $160 per day crack habit. The idea was to convince the jury that Leonard was the victim of a bad environment during his upbringing.
Missouri law enforcement had active warrants for Leonard Gay. He was arrested at the courthouse the day he testified for his son.
Something that you get from your parents is “heritable.” Heritable items can come from the environment or from genetics. Social scientists like pretend that someone does bad thi gs only because of the way he is brougl ip. That is, a crack users’ kids only fo w their parents’ example.
But that’s not true, at least f< Whites. My mother and dad smoked ci rettes. I hated cigarettes, even when I -s a kid. I’ve never smoked.
The same is true of ch dren of drunks. Children of drunks gt ietically inherit a tendency to become dir nks. Yet, I can think of many that I’ve kr wnwho will not touch booze because !iey had seen what it did to one of thei parents. They hate booze. The enviri imental theory is false.
Anthony Shariff Gay s faults genetically came from his parents, y
Integration
Integration is the period of time between when the first Black family moves in and the last White family moves out.
16 Cbunbrrbolt j7ourmUcr 2004
© 2004 • tKljunberbolt
ttacked I Proud predator executes 3 in Columbus, Ohio
(EljimbcvboU • <
2004
w disfl s. «		
^	R	I	Hi		■H
Third-floor invaders
Jason Anderson’s face was badly bruised, and one eye was nearly swollen shut. He would like to get revenge.
Jason Anderson of Jackson, Mississippi, had a nice 1986 Chevrolet Monte Carlo SS set up for racing, but he wanted to sell it. He put a for-sale sign on it and put the car in his front yard.
On Thursday night 9 September 2004 at about 7:30, two young Black men stopped to inquire about the car. They forced Jason into his home, severely beat him, and tied him up with duct tape.
Jason later said, “I knew they had a gun after he pulled it out and clicked it.
... I didn’t know if I was going to see tomorrow or not.”
They stole his wallet and ransacked his house. They made him sign over the title to the Monte Carlo and stole it also.
Jason got loose and called the police. The next day, a citizen spotted the Monte Carlo in the ghetto by an abandoned house. The stereo system, amplifier, and speaker were ripped out of the car.
The house was apparently used as a hangout for various thugs and their women. There were used condoms and empty firearms shell casings on the floor.
Jason said, “I’m not worried about my car, the boys who did this came in my house; they violated me; they tied me up; they beat me up, stole my cash, stole my car ..just give me ten minutes with them with a shotgun; I’ll take care of both of
em . r
A couple was fast asleep on Sunday morning 5 September 2004 in their third-floor apartment in Lansdowne, Pennsylvania.
Two burglars broke in the back door of the apartment building. According to Police Chief Daniel J. Kortan, “Two Black males forced their way into the apartment and struck a 58-year-old male victim and a 55-year-old female victim with tire irons.” The couple did not recognize the invaders who demanded money
When the burglars entered, the couple jumped up, and they were knocked back down with tire irons wielded by the two burglars. The woman was raped with a tire iron by the suspect in the above sketch.
“The victims were then bound at t’ wrists and ankles with packing tape ai further assaulted with the tire irons,” sai Kortan.
The two predators ransacked the ■apartment and left. The couple managed L^Jee themselves after about 20 minuted
d called police. The police have SUsPects.v
s no
The two boys on the far right, Aaron Grexa and Eric Hlass, were roommates living near Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio.
Eric Hlass told his mother that the two finally had saved enough money from their jobs to move out of the “ghetto,” which he thought was unsafe.
Police say that on 23 July 2003 at about 11:45 p.m., while Kayla Hurst, a 21 -year-old junior majoring in English, was visiting her boyfriend, Aaron Grexa, the three were robbed by Vernon Lorenzo Spence, 30 (pictured left).
Spencer tied up the three with wires from a stereo. He executed his helpless victims by shooting them in the head.
On 17 September 2004, police finally had enough evidence to arrest Spence. He may have had one or two partners in the three brutual murders.
Parents raise their children and send them off to college, where they are slaughtered by nearby ghetto rats. Look how proud Vernon Lorenzo Spence is in his booking photo. X
Serial burglar-rapist
Police in Wilmington, North Carolina, say a burglar-rapist is targeting young White women ages 18 to 25 in a eighborhood. So far, he has committed burglaries and raped one woman ■d to rape several others
kowsk said, items, cell
phones, pocket bu- ..	■	■	each	of the
victims.”
Police describe the rapist as a Black niale, about 5’ 8", with a stocky build, with a shaved head. M
1
I
£ liunbcrbolt	J7obnnber 2004 1	y
California & Schwarzenegger outlaw .50-caliber rifles
Schwarzenegger made his fortune and fame playing violent killers in the movies. Hollywood movies deliberately make guns look both glamourous and dangerous, just the combination that it takes to panic the public into banning guns.
On 13 September 2004, California became the first state to outlaw .50-caliber rifles. It outlaws the manufacture, sale, importation or possession of weapons firing the .50-caliber Browning machinegun (BMG) round. Current owners may keep them, but they must register them with the State.
The sponsor of the bill was Assemblyman Paul Koretz, a Jew from Hollywood.
California also passed the first ban on “assault weapons” back in 1989. California has a non-White majority.
There have been several moves in the U.S. Congress to restrict .50-caliber rifles. The most likely to succeed is just to add them to the list of weapons in the 1934 National Firearms Act. Then they would require registration and a $200 payment.
It’s actually kind of funny to watch the two sides in the .50-caliber debate tell lies.
The people against the weapon say it is a likely terrorist weapon and can shoot down airplanes, blow up petroleum refineries, etc. While almost anything is possible, those events are improbable. One journalist even said the .50-caliber bullet is six inches long. [It’s actually two-
Jr
Barrett M95 .50-caliber sniper rifle. It is semi-automatic with a five-round magazine (behind the pistol grip). A larger magazine would hinder the shooter. This rifle is $5,200. There are several other good manufacturers. Bolt actions are much cheaper.
inches long.] The New York Times Magazine said it “can accurately hit targets four miles away.” [Actual accurate range is about 1.25 miles.]
The defenders of the .50 BMG say that it very unlikely a terrorist would use one. But the major manufacturer, Barrett, sells them to the Marines and numerous foreign militaries.
Both sides in the debate are liars. That’s what a democracy consists of, two groups of pathological liars exaggerating to panic the sheep to run either left or right.
The truth is that the .50-BMG is a possible weapon for terrorists but only in special situations. It does a good job wherever range or penetration is important. It eats up thin-skinned vehicles and most houses and small buildings.
Doing even moderate damage to a petroleum refinery would require assistance from a worker from that refinery to select a target. Chances of killing many people by shooting at aircraft are slight.
School buses would be very vui ruble. One bullet traveling lengthwise through the bus could kill several children and wound several more.
Terrorism: If a terrorist’s objective is to force a government to do something, then a .50-caliber rifle would be worthless. During WW II, the allies bombed German cities for years and never induced mass panic. Can you think

Gray Davis is now ex-governor of California. Here he is shown with two handgun-type “assault weapons.” I put his picture in just to illustrate that Democrats like Davis are just as antigun as Republicans like Schwarzenegger. Politicians have no convictions; as each state becomes less White, politicians will quickly shift with the wind and become anti-gun.
Imagine what it must be like in a White part of California, New York, or Massachusetts and have to live with gun laws passed by non-Whites to control non-White killers.
of any terrorism in history that dually induced panic?
If a terrorist’s objective is direct the public’s attention to an issue >w can a .50-caliber rifle do that?
Some terrorism is just mear ss with no objective except to get even >r some perceived wrong. This kind of terrorist is the most likely user of a .50-B G rifle, but there are plenty of easier w s.
One major and very vi erable terrorist target is civilian crowo such as children in a school, worshi rs in a church, or patrons at a bar or restaurant. How could a .50-caliber rifle be ny more effective than an “assault rifle, a pistol with a high-capacity magazine, or a bomb?
While a .50 caliber rifle would be of limited use for terrorism, it would be an excellent weapon for insurgency or guerilla warfare. Properly located, one of these rifles could stop ordinary military or police vehicles. But guerilla warfare requires a small army and a supporting infrastructure. Continued on back cover
18 (Eljunberbolt Jftobeniber 2004
© 2004 • (Elimitu'rbolt
Gun control is inevitable in
a mixe
Immigrant gun grabber
The owner of Danny’s Pawn Shop in McAllen, Texas, saw a young man of “Middle Eastern origin” hanging around his store for several days. The man had even tried on a police belt. The owner assumed the man was just another “homeless” bum.
On 9 September 2004 at 2:15 a.m., police units responded to the burglar arm at Danny’s Pawn. Outside the store, they spotted a man with a heavy bag in one hand and something bulky in the other.
McAllen police stopped the man, Atbin Hoshang Forghan, 18, and found seven semi-automatic handguns and ten boxes of ammunition in the bag. In his other hand, was an armored vest.
Police charged him with breaking
mto the store, smashing a display case,
and stealing the guns, ammunition, and the vest.
R McA1,en police notified Homeland ^curity. There is no further information ! t j| story, other than Forgham is igmally from Iran, claims to be a U.S.
CItyP 1,ving in Canton, Massachusetts, and he arrived in Houston by bus.
I	*s	a terrorist, unless he is
I °®e w°lf or want-to-be terrorist, tealing ammunition doesn’t make much sense because it’s easy to buy in most places without even showing identification. y
The real thing
Bushmaster brand military specification 30-round magazine; aluminum box with baked Teflon finish.
slow that the assault weapons has expired prices are coming i. These were going for as high 40 But now you can buy them ufacturer direct for $20 and gun / prices should be below that.
Bushmaster X-15 ri
Bushmaster makes a quality line of AR-15 variants.
Racist snipers, John A. Muhammad and Lee Malvo, roamed the Washington, DC, area stalking Whites to kill and occasionally shooting a Black as a cover-up.
The two cold-blooded killers murdered ten and wounded three.
The weapon that they used was a Bushmaster XM-15 rifle, a .223 semiautomatic variant of the AR-15, which is the civilian version of the Ml 6 rifle.
Eight of the victims’ families sued the two killers, Bushmaster, and Bull’s Eye Shooter Supply of Tacoma, Washington.
On 9 September 2004, the insurance companies for Bull’s Eye and Bushmaster settled out of court with the plaintiffs.
Bull’s Eye Shooters Supply’s insurance company will pay $2 million. This is a big settlement for a single-store retailer, suggesting that Bull’s Eye would have easily been defeated in court.
Of course, much of that goes to the plaintiff’s lawyers, some of whom are with the Brady Center to Prevent Gun
Violence.
Bushmaster’s insurance company will pay a total of $550,000, which isn’t much considering Bushmaster is a large manufacturer. It would cost their insurance company that much to take the case to court, even though there is small possibility that they might I
Bushmaster sold the distributor, who sold it to Bull’:
Malvo stole it from Bulls’ Ey Thus, there wasn’t much chance of even a liberal jury blaming Bushmaster. No gun maker has ever lost a lawsuit where tney were blamed for a criminal’s use of a gun.
Bull s Eye claimed that the gun that Malvo stole was just one of238 guns that walked off with shoplifters. Some, like
America
awsuit settled
The Brady people and other antigunners think that the rifle to the left killed 10 people. And that the coldblooded killer above would not have killed if he had not been able to acquire that rifle.
Malvo’s XM-15, were likely stolen, but that 238 guns were shoplifted is not credible.
Brian Borgelt, Bull’s Eye’s old owner, lost his license to sell guns. The ATF has not prosecuted him; apparently, the incompetence defense is sufficient in his case.
Thus, the important thing is that there were essentially two cases. One was against a grossly incompetent or even crooked gun store. The other case was against a gun manufacturer whose insurance company settled a nuisance lawsuit out of court, y
Linda Franklin fit the predators’ profile of a victim. She was White and unsuspecting. She was also everything they were not: hardworking, intelligent, law abiding, and employed. They killed her.
®Iju»berbolt J^obember 2004	1	9
Assault weapons ban expires: What is in it for you?
The ban on “assault weapons” in the 1994 Crime Bill outlawed 19 types of “assault weapons” and magazines with a capacity of over 10 rounds.
While the anti-gunners are angry that it expired, we didn’t gain much.
What has not changed. The Brady Bill and its background checks are still in effect. And it’s still illegal to import certain “assault weapons” whose importation was banned in 1989. These included the famous AK-47 and the Israeli Uzi. However, some foreign firms have moved manufacturing to the U.S.
State bans. Seven states have their own bans that are unaffected by the expiration of the Federal “assault weapons” ban. These include California, Massachusetts, New York, Hawaii, and New Jersey.
California’s assault weapons ban is already stronger than the Federal ban was. New Jersey’s ban however, was less restrictive on magazine capacity, allowing 15 rounds rather than the Federal 10-round limit.
Many larger cities, for example Denver, Colorado, have their own bans.
High-capacity magazines. The 1994 Crime Bill banned the manufacture of magazines (clips) that hold more than 10 rounds except for sale to law enforcement officers. Magazines holding more than 10 rounds manufactured after that date were stamped for law enforcement only. They technically were illegal to own, although they were not hard to buy.
The 1994 law allowed the sale of “grandfathered” magazines, those that were manufactured before the law went into effect. Before the ban went into effect, firms produced massive numbers of magazines and stockpiled them. Thus, magazines of common types, such as for the M-16/AR-15 and the Mini-14, have not been in short supply since 1994. However, prices have fluctuated wildly and have been generally high.
The above high-capacity magazine looks “sexy” but has limited military use. It you try to fire it from a prone position (lying down), the magazine hits the ground.
The weapon above appears to be a Ruger Mini-14 with a forty round .233 magazine. The military 20-round magazine was designed to be fired from the prone position.
A major effect of the expiration of the “assault weapons" ban will be cheaper high-capacity magazines.
When prices begin to bottom, stock up but do not over stock. Many foolish gun owners engage in panic buying.
Prices are expected to fall, perhaps to the $12 per magazine range for off-brand ones.
Some high-capacity handgun magazines were very expensive during the ban. Unless you are a regular shoo’ you -n’t need many magazines hai n. Three is plenty; one in th or eload, and one in a drawer u yo i one of the others. If you to n : more ammo than two maga/ you . robably need a rifle or a shptgu
How many rifle magazines do ' need? You can reload them quickly w ith stripper clips and a clip guide. Clips and guides are dirt cheap in common military calibers.
Since Monday morning 13 September 2004, when the Federal ban expired, high-capacity magazine factories
have been running at full speed, and they will continue at that pace until the market is flooded.
When it looks like Congress might pass a new ban, these factories will again run wide open to warehouse as many magazines as possible. In any event, the number of high-capacity magazines in circulation will skyrocket until the government bans their possession. They let the cat out of the bag on 13 September.
Thus, there is no reason to panic buy.
Rifles. As with magazines, firearms manufacturers had their tooling back out, installed, and ready to go on 13 September. Availability will be spotty for a few months and most dealers will likely not offer any discounts from list price.
If Congress does not put another ban into effect, most models will be in plentiful supply within a fev months. Then discounts should begin.
The real question is “sh 'Id you waste your money on one of le new rifles.” In 1994, Congress on banned certain models and certain feat s, such as folding stocks, bayonet lugs, d flash
This is a Glock 17 .. 9 mm handgun. It was designee ir a 17-round magazine. However he 1994 ban limited newly-manufactured magazines to 10 rounds. One major catalog store was asking $180 for Glock high-capacity magazines.
By the time you read this, 17-round Glock brand magazines should be available again at reasonable prices. Other manufacturers are making 17+2 magazines that add two more rounds to the magazine.
20 £bunbrrbolt jftobriubrr 2004
O 2004 • QFliunbciboU
These two Ruger rifles ere 37 inches long, only one inch longer than
a yard stick.
The top rifle is a Mini-14, which
fires the standard U.S. military rifle round of .223 caliber.
The bottom rifle is a Ruger 10-22 a .22-caliber rimfire.
Neither rifle looks very unusual or like an assault rifle.
You can purchase “after-market” stocks and accessories for them that will make them look like assault rifles or even like something out of a science fiction book.
Why would you want to do that?
If someone is trying to kill you, the looks of your gun are not going to frighten him.
If someone is not trying to kill you, the last thing you want is to alarm them or cause them to think you are a nut (even if you are!).
suppressors. Bayonet lugs are worthless. Who is going to need a bayonet?
Flash suppressors have limited military use at night, but you can still see the fireball. Supposedly, they are useful in combination with “night vision devices.” Flash suppressors lengthen the rifle, and thus make it less handy inside the home or for getting into or out of a vehicle.
Folding stocks. Except for high-capacity magazines, the availability of folding stocks is the biggest gain from the expiration of the Federal ban. During the ban, it was illegal to equip a semiautomatic rifle with a folding stock.
Folding stocks make the weapon more portable and easier to use in close quarters.
The main disadvantages of folding stocks are cost and appearance. Name brand replacement folders, like those from Choate, are $100 or better. Choate
cuous
and others began producing the stocks the same morning that the ban expired.
Pistol-grip folding stocks make an ordinary Ruger Mini-14 look like an assault rifle. A Mini-14’s ordinary configuration makes it look more like a .22-caliber rimfire boy’s rifle than anything threatening. It is slinr and only 37 inches long, the same length aJyiger’d 10-22, .22-caliber rimfire rifle In most cases, the more the weapon the better it is.
Law enforcement: The M|£A and other groups are dead wrong in saying that an increase in assault weapons will not increase the number of cops killed. The more weapons there are, the easier they will be to obtain.
On the streets, the guns that cops most fear are the assault weapons configured like sub-machineguns, because they are easily concealable and have large magazine capacities. These include the Uzi, Tec-9, and Mac-10.
Cops do most of their gun fighting at close range. A small-time drug dealer firing 40 rounds at a cop from 30 feet is likely to hit him at least once. Worse, the sub-guns make submen think that they are invincible and have the advantage in a gunfight. The average cop will win most gun battles using just his ordinary service pistol. But the fact that the ghetto rat is more likely to try to fight, if he has a high-ipacity sub-gun, means that more cops
jr v 11 die.
The same is true of body armor. W/v ing body armor encourages the sub roan wearing it to choose fight over flight.
For standoff situations at homes, th gun cops most fear is the AK-47, most because it is commonly owned by th drug dealers and other violent type: Bullets from the AK’s 9x39 mu cartridges, like bullets from most higl powered rifles, will easily penetrate tlu cop’s body armor.
Summary: The expiration of the ban
I will increase the availability of high-
capacity magazines, and types of weapons
with folding stocks and pistol grips. pnces are falling.
TPVi
ere ls no reason to panic buy.
These are two Colt rifles. The top one is a HBAR model and the bottom one with the semi-collapsible stock is an M4.
Armalite makes comparable rifles of the same basic designs.
The stocks on these M16/AR15-type rifles cannot be folded because they contain a large spring in a tube.
The fixture on the front of the rifles shown is not a flash suppressor; it is a compensator, which helps prevent barrel climb after firing. Neither is necessary, but, given a choice, I’d quickly take the compensator.
If I had to go to battle, I’d prefer these weapons over the Mini-14 on the left. But I’m not going to battle in the immediate future. So, I’d prefer the Mini-14.
If the battle comes to me, to my home, I’d much prefer an ordinary shotgun or an ordinary revolver.
A hobbyist buys guns to be buying guns. For the revolutionary, they are just tools.
Men seem to have a greed for gun ownership like some women do for clothes and iewelry. Owning a closet full r urns is a ronm of narcissism (self-. io-> ors; ! 'uhne? ;), 'vhich is nearly
acre it
Tried ol hokev \cel-good
W -■	w
stories in the news media? Get the unvarnished truth. Subscribe to tKljunberbolt. See page 3.
tEbunbcibolt Jftobmnber 2004	21
Editorial:
On illegal guns
Owning illegals guns is irrational unless you intend to do something illegal in the immediate future, like rob Fort Knox next month.
By owning an illegal weapon, you risk going to prison for no reason.
Owning an illegal weapon is like castrating yourself. You dare not do anything that would cause the cops to enter your house. I’m serious. If you get in a fight trying to throw someone out of your house, the cops will come in and may search your house.
Your spouse or someone else who knows that you have the illegal item can turn you in or blackmail you.
You essentially are worthless to your race if you have to live in fear of a law enforcement search of your home.
Except for a few places, like New York City, you can easily and legally obtain sufficient firepower to defend your home. A double-barrel shotgun will do the job every time.
What the hell good is something that you don’t intend to use but that causes you risk and causes you to live in fear of the cops?
I’ve known any number of men who think that just because something is illegal, they must obtain it. That is natural. But there are many natural tendencies that we must overcome on our path to survival, y
Broken record department: Best gun for home defense
What a politician!
Survivalists are not patriots
Survivalism is about personal survival.
Patriotism is about survival of our race.
A bunch of middle-age or older males hiding in the woods with closets full of guns are worthless to our race.
Our war is about the future, about the survival of children and young women.
The only purpose of older men is to insure the survival of the young, y
Gun magazines make most of their money from advertisers. The main purpose of gun magazines is to sell guns. The guns that they recommend usually are the ones you don’t already have.
The best gun for home defense is any gun that you already own that you are thoroughly familiar with. Knowing how to use a gun is ten times more important than all the rest put together.
The second factor (much less important) is portability. House guns should be small and something that you can have handy.
For those who already don’t have a gun, a revolver is the best choice. They are the easiest to learn, most dependable, and very portable.
You pull the trigger, and the bad guy is dead. No cocking, no safeties.
I’ve never heard of a revolver jamming in a combat situation, and I’ve never heard of a home defender who had to fire more than two or three shots.
Beyond that is the double barrel shotgun with 18" or 20" barrels. One shot will send a 300-pound Marine in ceramic body armor to the floor. Lion and grizzly bear hunting guides use them, y
O dinance hoarding
hunderbolt does not encoun* ho:•.« ding of guns and ammunition. N hoarders die having never fired a shot anger.
Use your money for something positive.
Somebody told me something once, but I wasn’t smart enough to understand him. He said, “If I needed a gun to fight against an army. I’d steal a real gun... from
them.”y
Down with guns one day; up with guns the next!
In 2000, President Bush said he was for continuing the assault weapons ban.
Now, he says, he is for letting it expire, but if Congress renewed it, he’d sign the bill!
The truth is that Bush is not for anything except for Bush.
That’s true of all politicians Honest men with convictions do ot get elected.
Symbiotic gun indi try
The gun industry thrives panic buying induced by the anti-gui, rs.
If you’ve ever been to a show when the anti-gunners’ hysteria inning high, the place is alive with eaj. buyers willing to pay a premium j . ce for ordinary goods.
Dealers leave with pocket	ulging
with cash. Buyers often le	with
something they’ll never use.
The same is true of the NR When the anti-gun crowd appears to be ■■ inning, the NRA is on top of the world, v> ith new memberships and large cash contributions flowing in.
Don’t buy what you don’t expect to need.y
How big?
Bigger revolvers are easier and more fun to shoot, even for women. Small revolvers are easier to conceal. Unless you are a pro, the .357 caliber is the only one to consider, y
22 Cbunberbolt JloUrmbn- 2004
© 2004 • GTliunbribolt
Illegals cost Federal taxpayers billions
An August 2004 study by the Center for Immigration Studies showed that illegal immigrants currently cost the Federal government a net $10 billion per year and will cost an additional $19 billion per year under amnesty.
Local governments are harder hit. Los Angeles County, California, officials say that illegals cost them $500 million per year just in hospital bills that the illegals refuse to pay.
A Rice University professor completed a study in 1997. It showed that illegals were costing the State of California $28 billion per year when there were only 2 million illegals in California. Now there are 5 million illegals in California; so the state’s cost must be about $70 billion per year.
The Bush neo-con “theory” that llegals contribute to the U.S. is obviously alse and wholly contrived.
Common sense will tell you that the poor and ignorant do not contribute to an economy but are a net drain.
Not only are the Mexicans poor and ignorant, but also they have below average IQs and are congenitally lazy. They not only do not contribute to the economy, but also they cannot. If Mexicans were capable of economic contribution, Mexico would be a rich
and prostitution.
The Center for Immigration Studies report also did not touch on the children of illegals that are bom in the U.S. These children are not illegals and thus were excluded. Recent studies have shown that they are more likely than their parents to be unemployed, more likely to be on welfare, and much more likely to be members of Hispanic gangs.
Economic arguments help pry open the eyes of a few Limbaugh conservatives, but they only result in the good-Mexican, bad-Mexican trap. That trap is that many illegals are bad because they do not contribute to the economy; so let’s just sort through them and keep the good ones.
The primary justification for keeping out immigrants is genetic, specifically that we are keeping them out because they are
non-White.
Our Cause cannot be advanced unless we can lead people from the economic argument to the racial
argument.
Blathering on about economics is a necessary transition that some must go through before they see the truth. However organizations like the Center for Immigration Studies that do not make the racial argument are neither patriotic nor honest. V
nation.
Studies by groups such as the Center for Immigration Studies help to prove that the criminals in the Republican and Democrat parties and in the U.S. Chamber of Commerce are liars.
However, even the Center for Immigration Studies report is grossly biased in favor of the illegals. That’s because their statistics deal only with illegals that are gainfully employed. They don’t even touch on the millions of illegals that do nothing. Nor do they calculate the cost of the hundreds of thousands or millions of illegals who are engaged as criminals.
Drug trafficking is the major activity of criminal Mexicans in the U.S. Other major criminal enterprises are robbery

Farm-belt marauders
Robbie Gordillo is an illegal alien from Mexico, who came to the U.S. to work in Newton, Illinois, at jobs that Americans wouldn’t do.
On 31 July 2004, he was arrested and charged with nine felony counts for performing his chosen occupation. The counts include robbery, home invasion, burglary, and aggravated sexual assault.
Among other things, police say Gordillo invaded the home of Dorothy tork, 23, and raped and murdered her in ^J^nt of her little daughter.
■Newton is a tiny farm town in
southern Illinois-
»t is not near any large
Camping not safe near Mexican border
One of the main infiltration routes into the U.S. is southwest of Tucson, Arizona. The center of the infiltration is the expansive Tohono O’odham Indian Reservation. On the reservation the smugglers have support from many of the Indians.
The reservation is surrounded by three Federal properties that illegals also use for smuggling. West of the reservation is the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge. To the east of the reservation is the Organ Pipe National Monument and the Coronado National Forest.
Officials on all three of the Federal properties warn campers to beware of those smuggling both drugs and humans. They say that even the campgrounds are not safe.
The head of the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge, Sally Gall, said that, while she allows camping, she would personally not be out at night unless she was in a large group.
Biologists and other employees who live on the refuge are in constant danger. Their homes are guarded like White homes are in Africa. The homes have tall fences with razor wire on top and with packs of dogs that roam inside the fence. The houses have bars on the windows and alarm systems.
While many of the gangs of illegals travel on foot, others charge through the wilderness in stolen vehicles.
The U.S. is quickly becoming a country where savages rule and decent I people hide in their barricaded homes, ft
or town It’s about 80 miles southeast of Terre Haute, Indiana.
The invaders are everywhere in the U.S., and they are selling drugs, robbing, raping, and murdering at will. Not one politician, from either party, dares to say that these “undocumented aliens” are below any reasonable standard for humanity. M
dimitu'vbolt JiloUember 2004	23
Immigration - they just come here to work
Illegal pulls knife: Agent pulls trigger
On 31 August 2004, a Border Patrol agent spotted a group of illegals on foot east of San Diego, California. As the agent approached, the illegals scattered like a covey of quail.
One of the illegals pulled a knife, and, in response, the agent pulled his service pistol and shot the suspect in the leg.
The wounded suspect was taken to a hospital where his wound was found to be not life-threatening. Agents swarmed into the area and captured 16 suspects.
The FBI is investigating the shooting, y
Border Patrol agent leads suspected immigrant smugglers to vehicle.
Six of gang captured
Law enforcement officers in Palmdale, California, received a tip, that illegals with criminal records and who were suspected Latino gang members were at two locations.
A team of local police, probation officers, and Federal ICE agents raided a house and a business. They captured six suspects, all of whom had been previously deported and had charges against them including assault with a deadly weapon, lewd acts with a child, burglary, and armed robbery.
Most of the gang are still on the loose and operating in the area.
Bush and Kerry say illegals just come to the U.S. to work.y
Senor Rosales doesn’t throw rocks
At 4:00 a.m. on 30 August 2004, Border Patrol agents operating south of Tucson, Arizona, spotted a green 1998 Dodge pickup truck with a camper shell traveling with the lights off.
The agents drove up behind the pickup, but as they closed the distance Erik Perez Rosales, 25, who was under the camper shell in back of the truck with about 20 other illegals, picked up a log four to six feet long and threw it at the Border Patrol vehicle.
The green pickup roared away and the chase was on.
Senor Rosales threw two more logs. The logs did not stop the Border Patrol vehicle, and it continued to follow. Rosales began throwing everything he could find. He threw the spare tire, and he threw the backpacks of the illegals.
With the help of the others, Rosales ripped loose the camper shell and threw that at the Border Patrol vehicle.
The agents had radioed ahead and law-enforcement officers quickly mined the road with spike strips. The illegals’ pickup hit the spike strips, and its tires were flattened.
A total of 23 suspected illegals who had been crammed into the pickup were arrested.
Mtion to Senor Rosales, an agem	ntif}	five	illegals who
helps, only The oi
found to be ilk g Mexico to try ayah
“Almost ail ihf marijuana sold in the United States comes across Arizona’s border with Mexico.”
Source: Tucson Citizen newspaper, 2 September 2004.
Violent rock eruption
Early in August 2004, the Border Patrol reported that rock-throwing attacks by illegals on Border Patrol agents were reaching epidemic proportions.
San Diego, California, area agents report almost daily attacks. Some of the attacks are on a large scale with as mar y as a dozen rocks being thrown at an ag< it by illegals in a single volley.
The illegals know that, under ||j| Clinton-Bush rules of engagement, age: 9 are not allowed to use firearms agair9 the invaders. Instead, agents must retreat or charge through the rock attack to apprehend the illegals.
In Arizona, agents report that illegals are throwing larger rocks, some as big as softballs.
Most rock hits on agents cause little more than bad bruises and painful bumps. However, illegals’ rocks have knocked some agents unconscious or caused serious enough bleeding to send the agents to the hospital.
Border Patrol agents in Arizona also report an increase in dangerous incidents where illegals’ vehicles ram Border Patrol vehicles in an attempt to escape, y
Senor Hernandez rocks
On 21 August 2004, U.S. Border Patrol agents were on routine p itrol near Ari vaca Lake, Arizona, when 11 spotted ' large group of illegals.
When the agents	lop	the
illegals, the infiltrators m	op	and
ran back for the bordo .V ms counted at least 35 wetbacks and ga\ e chase.
One illegal, Jacob Rodriguez-Hernandez, was very hostile and attacked an agent, hitting him in the face with a rock. Agents “subdued” Sefior Hernandez and arrested him and 24 other illegals. The rest escaped back to Mexico.
Hernandez has been charged with assault.
I wonder if any ol the other 24 will be charged with resisting arrest, etc. 1 doubt it.y
24 tElmnbcvbolt Jfiobcntber 2004
Immigration - they just come here to work
Illegals hate chili pepper, but they love to cause a stink
Are the gringos using red chili pepper to terrorize illegals?
The U.S. Border Patrol has seen a steady increase in rock-throwing attacks on its agents by illegal aliens. Most of the rocks are thrown from a distance of 20 feet to 100 feet. Agents are not allowed to fire their .40-caliber semi-automatic handguns at violent rock throwers. If an ag~nt charges the rock thrower, the illegal v 1 run like a frightened school boy.
Starting in 2001, the Border Patrol i1-California bought a few paintball guns and used them against rock throwers and immigrant rioters. The paintball ammunition is not filled with the paint used by paintball enthusiasts. The Border Patrol’s ammunition is filled with a concoction mostly consisting of regular chili pepper.
The guns are powered by compressed air. The Border Patrol in Arizona also bought a few of the devices, which are officially known as “pepper-ball launch systems” because the common term “pepper-ball guns” might cause some to think the agents are shooting the illegals with firearms.
The Border Patrol uses the guns only about 80 times per year, and there have been no serious injuries or deaths.
Each pepper-ball gun costs $300, and agents receive an eight-hour block of safety training before they are authorized
to fire one.
In July and August 2004, 28 pepper-
ball guns were issued in Texas, 14 to agents in El Paso and 14 to agents in
Harlingen.
Texas guns caused complaints
from illegals. The complaints swept
through the Mexican news media like a forest fire. Mexican politicians complained that the Texas agents were gunning down peaceful immigrants with rubber bullets (balas de goma).
Mexican politicians screamed bloody murder. “They are using our Mexican countrymen as targets in a modem, almost festive hunt with rubber bullets,” complained powerful Mexican lawmaker Cesar Camacho.
An emergency high-level diplomatic meeting between Bush’s chief Hispanic
U.S. Border Patrol agent shows off his new $300 pepper-ball gun. The agents shoot each other to show that the guns cause no permanent damage.
at the State Department and the Mexican Ambassador was held, and the situation quieted down. Actually, the Fox administration previously had been briefed on the pepper-ball guns and approved them. Bush doesn’t even go to the bathroom without obtaining permission from Senor Fox.
No sooner had things begun to die down than George P. Bush visited Mexico to show that his uncle George W. Bush loves Hispanics. “P” is the son of Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Jeb’s Hispanic wife. “P” has been on the road all summer promoting the President to Hispanics.
George W’s handlers forgot to brief George P. on the pepper-ball guns. So when the Mexican media asked George ' ak°ut the guns, he condemned their use y,ng It s kind of barbarous.”
approved3!!? Uncle George W' had not they were ^ pePPer~ball guns and that acquired by a rogue agent.
“some local INS guy who’s trying to be tough, act macho.” George P. also said, “If there has been American approval for this policy, that is reprehensible.”
Of course, George P. was too ignorant to know that it was the Border Patrol using the pepper-ball guns and not the INS. Besides, George W. abolished the INS and replaced it with ICE as part of his post-911 reorganizations.
In any event, the pepper-ball fiasco has damaged the morale of the Border Patrol, which is one of is the most essential agencies in the Federal government. M
Agents chase violent illegal for two months
On 13 May 2004 during a drug investigation, Border Patrol agents pulled over a pickup truck near Tucson, Arizona. One of the three occupants, Vincente Ulate, 25, attacked a Border Patrol agent, drew a 9 mm pistol, and ran away.
Agents found night-vision equipment, a loaded shotgun, and body armor inside the truck.
Early in July, agents spotted Ulate in a vehicle and gave chase. Ulate first stopped, and then he tried to run over two agents. The agents opened fire. Ulate jumped from his vehicle and outran the agents.
On 26 July 2004, agents got a tip that as living in n trailer. A helicopter and aernts and a SWAT team 5 l•lace nan, but they
i\e .v!V>; Sedor Ulate can get is . ight	n	prison.
Apparently, assaulting a Ian e nforcement officer, attempting the murder of two other agents, and the numerous other felonies that he apparently committed are I no longer serious crimes. M
(TliunbnboU Jlobember 2004
25
Asylum hearings for all illegal immigrants?
The Border Patrol is trying to speed deportation of illegal immigrants. Under the new program, when a non-Mexican illegal is caught, the Border Patrol asks the illegal if he fears going back to his homeland. If the illegal says no, he is deported within seven days. [A different set of rules applies to Bush’s brothers from Mexico.]
If the illegal says he fears going back, then he is detained and given a special hearing for political asylum.
To any decent person, that program sounds far more than fair. Most people would want all illegals deported whether they fear going back or not.
But immigration lawyers and open-borders activists insist that all illegals must be given the opportunity of an asylum hearing. These hearings are expensive.
The real problem is that the U.S. cannot possibly give hearings to all the illegals, and there isn’t enough detention facility space to hold them while they wait for a hearing date. The alternative is just to turn them lose with a summons that requires them to be in court on a certain date. According to Border Patrol data, 90% of them never show up for a hearing. If they are later recaptured, they are not punished for not showing up.
Illegals’ “rights” to hearings is just another excuse to turn them loose.
Another interesting bit of information is that if an illegal penetrates 100 miles into the U.S., he is much less likely to be deported. Once inside the 100-mile zone, the illegal is automatically entitled to hearings. Unless he is wanted for crimes other than illegal immigration, he is usually not detained but given a court date and released.
Political asylum should never be used as an excuse to let some low-life into the U.S. The excuses that judges are allowing are getting ridiculous. Illegals can claim that they are homosexuals and that they will be beaten or killed if they return home. The “refugees” can claim they have AIDS and the government in
their home country does not provide adequate medical care.
Political asylum means that the U.S. gets the misfits and perverts that other countries discard.
Immigration cannot be controlled by a corrupt System. The System must be destroyed and a new nation must rise from the ashes, y
Arizona to seize coyotes’ property
The Border Patrol estimates that between 40% and 50% of all illegal aliens that enter the U.S. are smuggled in through Arizona.
The state does little to stop the illegals because it is not Politically Correct to do so. But the immigrant smugglers, or coyotes as they are known, are politically unpopular.
A new Arizona state law allows the seizure of coyotes’ homes, cars, bank accounts, and other property used in smuggling immigrants. Some politicians claim that the coyotes, and not the illegals, are causing the rash of immigrant-related murders, kidnappings, extortions, and home invasions.
Undoubtedly the average coyote is more violent than the average illegal that he smuggles, but there are a lot more illegals than coyotes. Furthermore, each he coyote drops a swarm of illegals, •s back for another group For every . ' here are hundred? o hose who stud don say that the If pi - n wasn’t just the long as there were drink patronize bootleggers, some* take up /he profession and pro booze. The same is true of prostitutes and their customers.
It takes two to tango. The person who provides the demand for an illicit product or service is just as guilty as the supplier.
Although property seizure is a useful tool, it is too little and far too late. At best, the new law will make only a very slight dent in immigrant smuggling.y
Illegals invade Dixie
The growth in the number of illegals in Southern states is astronomical. From 1990 to 2000, the growth rate of the illegal alien population living in Tennessee was 411%. In the same ten-year period, the growth rate was 414°/ in South Carolina, 440% in Arkansas, ind 571% in Georgia.
North Carolina had the highest ill lal invasion growth rate at 692%.
Texas, California, and the older border states are becoming saturated V* ith illegals.
Illegals also find the pickings easier where the White population is naive and the police forces are not experienced with dealing with Latinos, y
Texas is non-White
The Census Bureau says Whites in Texas became a minority two years ahead of their predictions. Texas went non-White sometime in 2003.
Whites are now 49.5% of Texans, Hispanics are 35.3%, Blacks are 10.8%, and Asians are 3%. Many non-Whites such as Jews and Arabs are considered White by the Census Bureau.
The growth in Texas’ population is all from Hispanic growth — 36% from international Hispanic immigrants and the rest from the high rate of Hispanic births.
Texas was mostly Indian and Mexican until Mexico invited White Americans to settle in 182 : In 1836, the Americans defeated the \icans, and Texas became a White y. It joined the U.S. as a state in 184
Now the Mexicans ar nning back Texas, not by military conquest, but by fornicating on the dirt floors of barrio shacks and producing babies, y
Two-thirds of U.S. citizens want the army to patrol the border. If this is a democracy, why have the politicians prevented it? Who rules America?
26 Cfjunberbolt iftobember 2004
Border Black Hawks ]
The Border Patrol’s lack of helicopters is I deliberate act of Congress and the president, and it greatly hampers the Border Patrol in areas of rough terrain.
While the Border Patrol has been treated like a step sister, ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) has developed its own air arm. ICE is more the political arm and is usually used to chase drug smugglers and terrorists (if they ever find one).
In the Tucson, Arizona, sector of the border, ICE’s main helicopter force consists of 13 UG-60 Blackhawk helicopters, each of which can carry eleven agents in addition to the crew.
During the summer of 2004, ICE conducted joint operations with the Border Patrol to chase illegal aliens in the rough terrain. The operations caught 1500 illegals per month but ended on 30 ■September 2004.
Their success proves again what eryone already knows, that the Border > atrol needs helicopter support.
The U.S. army could provide all the helicopters and crews that the Border Patrol needs. And they could provide manpower. The eleven passengers could consist of three Border Patrol agents and an eight-man infantry squad.
That may come but only if the politicians are forced to do it. In the meantime, illegals continue swarming across the border, y
The Black Hawk has a crew of three and can carry 11 passengers. Its 120+ mph speed and ability to fly in straight lines rather than follow roads makes the Black Hawk five to 10 times faster than ground vehicles.
Half-truths are half-lies
The military is protecting the Mexican border
		M	mHHH	
				
				
This is the Army in action on the Mexican border. Actually, the two men in the picture are Army reservists there for two weeks.
In your editor’s two years in the Army engineers and in all my years around heavy equipment, I’ve never seen a road grader with a ground guide. This tells me that one or both of the reservists has no idea what he
is doing.
Certainly reservists must learn, and the 115-degree scorching desert is as good a place as any to do it. But
this is just training.
These guys probably do as much damage as they do good, and trying to tell us that the military is back on
the border is a lie.
These reservists likely will eventually learn; but the voters who back Bush and Kerry will never learn.
Conspiracy nuts
Conspiracy nuts play into hands of politicians. Thunderbolt keeps hearing so called anti-immigration groups screaming about all the terrorists coming across the Mexican border.
They think they are being Politically Correct by changing the issue to terrorism rather than immigration.
The politicians are diverting manpower to chase nonexistent terrorists, tch allows hordes of illegals come in
unhindered.
e cannot win by changing the issue just to attract a few Limbaugh yahoos, y
Many of you have seen recent election-year articles about the military protecting the border with Mexico.
It’s simply not true. There is a military operation called Joint Task Force-6, which will be strategically renamed Joint Task Force-North (JTFN). This operation does not report to the Border Patrol or even to the Army.
It reports directly to the U.S. Northern Command in Colorado.
It is an experimental unit operating near El Paso, Texas.
The entire operation focuses on catching a few potential terrorists. It is also a super high-technology operation relying on the kind of giant plasma screens that are used to track Russian bombers and intercontinental missiles.
For ground troops and helicopters, JTFN relies on reservists that are there for only two weeks and then leave, never to return. The JTFN doesn’t have the authority to order or even to request specific reserve units and individual reservists. It must recruit them. They come on a voluntary basis.
There are enough troops and helicopters at Fort Hood, Texas, to lock up the border within days. And Fort Hood has engineers to build needed fences and roads. And if they don’t have enough, Bush’s buddies do have enough. The buddies in question are the huge U.S. construction contractors getting rich in Iraq.
another expensive political ince you that
your gov ev-,-; doing something. What they are intentionally doing is stalling while each year one million Mexicans infiltrate across our essentially unguarded border with Mexico, y
3 million illegals this year
In September 2004, Time magazine reported that the actual number of illegals this year will be 3 million, a record and much higher than previous estimates of one million. Are you alarmed?y
tKIjunterbolt • © 2004
QTIlunbrrbolt Jftobrmber 2004	27
Underreported stories
Have you bought your gold front teeth yet?
The media is trying to push the gold front teeth craze from the Blacks to Whites.
Gold teeth have been popular among Black pimps, drug dealers, and Black entertainers for several years.
Your editor has seen wanted notices for any number of Black murder suspects that have gold teeth.
The gold teeth are an ostentatious status symbol among Black males to impress other Black males that they have money and that they are tough. A secondary purpose is to attract golddigging women.
One Black was quoted in the media as saying, “People liked it, especially the females. If a person sees you with dreadlocks and gold teeth, they respect you different from a man with a tie and a low haircut. They look at you as somebody who don’t take no mess from nobody.”
Clip-on-type gold teeth cost between $150 to $1,000.
Veneer gold teeth cost about $ 1,000 per tooth, but a full set can run as high as $30,000.
Customers can buy gold teeth with designs on them like naked women, pistols, or dollar signs. Or you can get them with Christian crosses or Moslem crescents.
The media tell us that the clip-on type trap food particles and become very smelly, causing bad breath.
However, those selling the clip-ons say you don’t want the permanent veneer type because you can’t take them off in a White neighborhood to fool people.
Thirty years ago monkeys wore gold coins around their necks. Later, solid gold chains became popular. Now the craze is gold teeth.
These are bottom-up fads. First the pimps and drug dealers adopt them. Then Black entertainers and Black athletes. If a fad transfers to White entertainers and athletes, it is likely to infect large segments of the White population.
It reminds me a little of the male earring. Thirty years ago, it was something that only queers wore as a code to attract other queers. Then entertainers and athletes adopted it. Then it spread to many White males.
Any White male that wears an earring looks like a queer to older Americans. Any White male that wears a gold chain, etc., is just a monkey copying Black pimps. I don’t care if he is a 6’6”, 275 pound skinhead, if he dresses like a Black or a queer that’s what he looks like.
How can members of a frugal and wise race let themselves be dragged down into the sewer by Black athletes and Jewish marketers?
It is the old problem of little men with big egos wanting to be something they are not.
By the way, when you go a dentist or jewelry store to get your gold teeth don’t ask for “gold teeth.” That will make you look like a chump.
Instead, strut in there like you got soul and ask to look at some “fronts” or “grills.”//
Show off your wealth?
Ostentatious wealth and keeping in fashion only make you a pawn that looks like a monkey.
| How long before the | I	Mexican	flag	I
I	over	California?	I
1	I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
Let it be known that happened on our watch. W*' must accept total responsibility for this catastrophe. We must act within the next few years. There can be no excuses.
|
i
i
b
j
Boy’s pimp suit Halloween costume
Did you buy your child a pimp sip for Halloween? This one, modeled by 4 freckle-faced White boy, was offered by Internet giant Yahoo. It was on sale for $39.99. There was also a sleazy “ho” costume for girls, but the only model showing that one appeared to be Black. Three of the four boy’s pimp suits were modeled by White boys.
The description on Yahoo said, “Our child pimp daddy suit comes with panne jacket & matching pants. Pimp hat is sold seperately.” Separately was misspelled in the advertisement.
Your editor had to look panne up in the dictionary. It is a soft, lustrous lightweight velvet with flattened pile. Panne doesn’t sound like the kind of material suitable for an active masculine boy.
If you’re a conservative, you probably are thinking of a boycott or a letter-writing campaign. That’s the kind of thing politicians and preachers talk about, but they are a waste of time.
The real solution is to drive the races of pimps, hos, and rag merchants from our homeland, y
Ohio 3rd-grade ^ap
The Associated Press reported in September 2004, that in Ohio 85% o( White students passed the recent third-grade test versus 57% of Black students, y

i‘) 2004 • QTIlimtHTlioll
Colo crank sentenced
Charleston, SC municipal judge certifiably nuts
judge Arthur McFarland is Charleston, South Carolina’s chief municipal judge. He handles cases like assault and disorderly conduct. He also has a private practice.
McFarland was disciplined four times for his actions as a lawyer. The first three rebukes are being kept secret by the crooked lawyers who run South Carolina’s legal profession.
The fourth disciplinary action was made public. That concerned a man named Gussie Minus, who is Black. Minus felt he was discriminated against because he didn’t get promotions that went to younger Whites.
Minus came to Judge McFarland, wh > took the case and Minus’ money. M« arland didn’t think Minus had a good ca but he didn’t bother to tell Minus tl . McFarland sued the employer on behalf of Minus.
When the employer sent multiple discovery requests to Minus, which he and McFarland were required to answer, McFarland didn’t tell Minus and didn’t respond to the discoveries. When the judge in the case sent demands to answer the discoveries, McFarland ignored those too.
The judge had no choice but to award summary judgment to Minus’ employer, because McFarland was refusing to cooperate.
McFarland didn’t tell any of this to Minus, who thought the case was still active. Minus sent McFarland $100 for a copy of his file; McFarland refused to provide it.
Minus went to McFarland’s office and demanded a copy of the file. McFarland gave him a copy but did not give him a copy of the summary
js still thought his case was d was investigating it when he a court clerk, who told him the already been dismissed, us filed a complaint with the rolina Supreme Court's office of ary council. McFarland initially
refused to comply with any of the requests of the council’s investigation.
That council investigated the case and was appalled at the way Judge McFarland had treated his client.
Psychiatrist Emmett Lampkin testified that McFarland has a mental disorder that impairs his ability to carry out tasks and perform “sophisticated processes,” but that he might be able to do those if he receives psychotherapy and medication. The council recommended an 18-month suspension of McFarland’s license to practice law.
The South Carolina Supreme Court decided that suspension was too great a punishment. It decided that McFarland could keep his law license if:
1.	McFarland hires a lawyer to oversee his own law practice.
2.	An outside law firm provides the council with quarterly reports
3.	McFarland stays under psycl Uric care for two years and provides qi reports signed by his psychiatr;
4.	McFarland repays Mi
fees.
The mayor of Charleston, Joe Riley,
a typical White politician, says His Honor
Judge Arthur McFarland is too valuable
of a judge to lose. Riley says the city must
keep him. “He has been a very
hardworking, just and very successful
judge, and he has my complete support ” Riley said.
Judge McFarland can’t ethically
manage his tinv rQ« .	cluy
i • .	1	ny	*aw	practice	without
he 'is cnZvhe,HlaW Ato 0versee il-
p ^rdrdS PSycholl’-apy and * ycn,atric medicine. /V
Rick Stanley is the kind of constitutionalist nut who thinks he can threaten two judges in writing and not have to face punishment.
Rick Stanley was arrested in Denver in 2001 for wearing a loaded handgun in a holster at a Bill of Rights rally.
In 2002, Rick Stanley, was running on the Libertarian ticket for U.S. Senate in Colorado. While campaigning, he was arrested in Thornton, Colorado, for carrying a firearm on public property.
Thornton Municipal Judge Charles J. Rose sentenced him to 90 days in jail. Stanley appealed, and the sentence was upheld by 17th Judicial District Judge Donald W. Marshall Jr.
Stanley sent Judge Rose and Judge Marshall a “notice of order.” The notice demanded that they reverse his conviction for a weapons violation. If not, they would be arrested by Stanley’s Mutual Defense Pact Militia and tried for treason.
Stanley was arrested and tried for threatening the judges. On 10 September Stanley was sentenced to six years in -n pV> - xix years of parole and
Pher he was released r?0'rid, pending appeal.^ i sentencing, Stanley said,
“I was vi olated by men who have no honor or integrity.... The only victim here I is Rick Stanley, on behalf of every I American.”	' s I
Stanley used the same kind of I threatening language against the judges that the Patriots used in 1776. The difference was that the Patriots did not declare themselves “victims”; instead they shouldered their flintlocks and marched to war. X

CThimtu'ibolt JfioUcmber 2004	29
Hate “crime”
Road rage fight turns into endless “ethnic intimidation” court case
On 17 September 2003, an incident happened in traffic in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Glen Schutter was driving a minivan with his half-brother Robert Hornof as passenger. Schutter was trying to change lanes when a vehicle driven by Ronald Robinson cut him off. Schutter and Robinson got very angry and a road rage incident developed. Robinson is Black; Schutter and Hornof are White.
The two vehicles pulled into a parking lot. What happened there isn’t clear yet, as the case hasn’t gone to court.
One witness not associated with either party said that Schutter and Robinson argued, with Schutter standing outside Robinson’s car window. The conversation was described as “some pretty ugly exchanges.”
Robinson started to drive off. Schutter called him a “nigger.” Robinson jumped out of his vehicle and punched Schutter. Hornof jumped on Robinson.
The fight ended with Hornof and Schutter knocking Robinson down and beating and kicking him, shouting “Remember this” and “How do you like that?” The brothers drove off.
Hornof’s lawyer said, “The only reason that the fight occurred was because of bad driving. Once the fight occurred, there were racial epithets toward Robinson, but the slurs were all part of the natural downward spiral of civility present in any fight.”
Police arrested the brothers and charged them with assault and ethnic intimidation. The brothers’ lawyers argued that Robinson was hardly intimidated and that the proof is that he threw the first punch. Robinson was not charged.
Prosecutors took the brothers to court, but on 25 November 2003 Judge David Buter threw out the ethnic intimidation charges and said the brothers could only be charged with misdemeanor assault.
Michigan’s ethnic intimidation law was rushed through the legislature in the
Booking photos: Glen Schutter, 23, is left. Right is Robert Hornof, 20. Note the bruises on Hornoff’s cheeks from the fight with Ronald Robinson.
late 1980’s when hysterical Jews said they were terrified of the White militias being formed. There is no evidence the militias ever intimidated any Jews. That law can add two years of prison time to any punishment the brothers receive.
Judge Buter agreed with the defense lawyers and said there was no indication that the brothers were motivated by race but by a road rage incident.
The prosecutor appealed to a higher judge. Finally, on 25 August 2004, a higher judge ruled that the prosecutor could try the brothers for racial intimidation, and he sent the case back to circuit court for trial. His reasoning was that motivations are complicated and can change during course of an incident. The •ihers may have been initially • vated by road rage, but it is up to a to decide their motive dun
Hiog.
11 men are suppose jsc the law and respon.
“motives,” because I t want, and inquiring into m
1 ’m not going to wash about irreh
part of a sick alien perversion ot the c They are a form of “thought crime.” Crimes are bad deeds, not bad thoughts.
The point is that Schutter and Hornof are already being punished for their race. They have had this “motives business” hanging over their heads and are spending a small fortune of their blue-collar wages
Glen Schutter and his hagi brother, Robert Hornof, 20, wait ti the judge. They were recharged will] “ethnic intimidation” 11 months afte r the incident.
for attorney’s fees on a case that should have been decided in November of2003.
Unless they plead guilty, their cases and appeals are likely to go on for years.
Unless you do something, this alien business of thought crimes will increase. No honorable man can tolerate such perversion of justice.
Hate crime laws and ethnic intimidation laws are intended to I intimidate Whites. They seem to be I working as Whites are becoming more timid. Are you going to let yourself be intimidated? y
They make and interpret the rules
Whites who want non-Whites charged with h	rimes
are little better 1	«esse
Jackson or Rodne
Whites who talk	hite
civil rights” are try.	hide
behind laws intend* ■ help inferior races.
We should not play our enemies’ games where they make the rules and they referee.
Civil rights laws are intended to destroy our race. We must destroy the System that created the laws.
30 ^bunberbolt i&obetnber 2004
© 2004 • tKIjuubcii
I
■Hate crime” beating of three at middle school
Paxon Middle School in cksonville, Florida, is a violent place, yhite parents say that, if their sons go to j,e bathroom, they may be beaten by Slacks.
On 25 August 2004 during fourth-period boys’ gym class, the sixth-grade boys were out at the track. Out of sight of the teacher, six Black boys shouted, “This is White cracker season,” and attacked three White boys.
The three boys were badly beaten. One mother said, “My son got pushed and some other kids started beating him punching him everywhere, kicking him everywhere.”
Her sixth-grade son is 11 years old. One of the Black sixth graders was 14, two or three years over-aged. You can iHiik George Bush and Jeb Bush for that.
They want to keep stupid and lazy kids in school and just keep flunking them and allowing them to become bullies and predators.
Police charged the six Black youths with misdemeanor assault. The “hate crime,” aspect enhances the charge to a third-degree felony. The prosecutors have yet to decide what charges to pursue.
The six have been temporarily suspended from school.
No Black preacher or activist has condemned the attack. Nor has any public official or school official condemned the attack. No high police official has made a public statement. The FBI has not been called in.
Thunderbolt covers schools because about the only thing that gets Whites angry is the mistreatment of their children
at school. Some White parents in Jacksonville are pretty angry about the Paxon beatings.
Hate crime laws are bad. Who cares whether Blacks are punished or not? How to get rid of them is the only issue.
These six little monkeys could be permanently suspended. That is a form of separation, if not segregation. Segregating them from White children is necessary. Think what they would do to our girls.
Our people must have a decent homeland. Now sixth graders often cannot go to the school bathroom without fear of getting beaten up by a pack of killer apes. Total geographic separation from non-Whites is necessary. M
yyyyyyyyyyyy
NAACP screams, “hate crime,” and “civil rights violation”
Noah Jamahl Jones, 17, was a brute.
He was on the high school basketball and
^gby teams, and he was a star football linebacker.
Mr. Jones was awaiting trial on a May 2004 charge of assault for attacking a White student.
On 24 July 2004, Mr. Jones and two of his brutish friends heard that one of their buddies was in trouble at a private party in Pasadena, Maryland. The three decided to go there and settle accounts.
When they arrived, they were met by four Whites who beat them to a pulp in the front yard. Jones died after the fight. According to the coroner, the cause was an apparent fall, which probably happened during the fight.
Initially the four Whites were charged with murder. They are Jacob Tyler Fortney, 18, Richard Elbert McLeod, 18, Joshua David Bradley, 20, and David Michael George, 19.
When State’s Attorney Frank R. Weathersbee read the coroner’s report, he dropped the murder charges. He did say lesser charges against the four were being considered.
Mr. Jones’ family claims the Whites used a hammer and other weapons. Even if that is true, we have three thugs going uninvited to a private residence looking for a confrontation. If a crime was committed by those at the residence, it certainly isn’t murder.
After Weathersbee dropped th charges, Jones’ family complained to t NAACP, and all hell broke loose.
Suddenly, this incident becarru racially-motivated murder and NAACP sent a letter to the FBI demanding that they investigate it as a civil rights violation and a “hate crime.”
anvtvr AACP had a hard time finding
say M M1°! ^ ^ Th| did • Jones’ high school has a
history of racial tension. They also claimed that the Jones group had an earlier confrontation where words about a White girl dating Blacks were exchanged.
Under NAACP and media pressure, Weathersbee had second thoughts and decided to turn the case over to a grand
jury-	;	:-
Two U.S. Congressmen have already ervened on Jones’ behalf and tided a Federal investigation.
"tens of justice in i! system, * oks lose in ystem. .	se	through
m. We do • ■ vv s as some ' have a country
not have a counts y conservatives claim, of Black mob-rule. M

Clnmtu'ibolt J2obember 2004
31
Hell School middle school: The saga continues
In the July and August 2004 issues of Thunderbolt, we brought you stories about “Hell School,” which is Brentwood Middle School in North Charleston, South Carolina. We will not rehash that material again, but we do have three interesting updates this month. [Brentwood’s students are almost all Black.]
The lynching: On 11 August 2003, the third day of school, a White teacher, Solange Brewer, spotted two Black sisters ages 13 and 14 in a fight. Brewer tried to break up the fight and was attacked by both sisters. The girls repeatedly hit the teacher, who managed to escape.
Police arrested the two girls for “lynching.” Blacks and civil-rights liberals in South Carolina insisted on a strict lynch law that defines lynching as the attack on an individual by two or more others. Almost all those arrested for lynching are Blacks.
Both girls were jailed and suspended from school. The school district hopes to expel the two. However the mother of the fighters said, “The teacher assaulted my children,” and that the teacher put one of her daughters in a headlock. The mother plans to fight the expulsion of her daughters.
After a week, the police released the older girl, who was still suspended from school. At that time, the younger girl remained in the jail.
Third White teacher files EEOC complaint: In the previous months, we mentioned two White teachers who filed EEOC complaints charging racial discrimination. One of the two has already sued, and the second says she will sue soon.
In September 2003, a third teacher. Brandy Stokes, filed suit against the school district and Principal Wanda Marshall, who is Black. Stokes also filed an EEOC complaint.
Before Stokes ever taught her first class in the fall of 2002, Marshall started
32 tEljunbrrbolt Jftobfinbcr 2004
■ I smIM____~T HE
Charleston County School Superintendent Maria Goodloe said of the two students who beat up a teacher, “Kids fight. ... Brentwood is not the only place.” And that the incident should not be blown out of proportion.
She also said she “will not tolerate this type of student behavior.” However, she has been tolerating that and much worse. Instead of firing Principal Marshall, Goodloe moved her to an easier job at $61,000 per year.
in about race. “She told me I was young. White and small and would have a difficult time in the classroom,” said Stokes, who was 25 at the time.
Stokes actually has a small amount of American Indian blood. Principal Marshal even said that the University of Maine, where Stokes had graduated, was a White school
Stof fSv an Cigth-grade English teacher cursed at,
Black slink in her classro In one incus male to leave tl could rape you.”
The teachers have a panic button that they can push to summon assistant principals and security guards. When Stokes would hit the button, no one would come.
Once Stokes lied to the Principal’s office in tears, but Marshall allegedly only
rolled her eyes and said, “Oh, here we go again, another White teacher trying to bring these kids down.”
Stokes wrote about another occasion when Principal Marshall told Stokes to “accept the students’ behavior because it was part of the students’ culture and background. Ms. Marshall told me that the students did not have parental supervision and that this is the way they were.”
According to Stokes (and the other two White teachers), Marshall’s refusal to take disciplinary action made matters worse.
On 13 November 2002, Stokes tried to break up a fight. A student slugged her in the month, breaking one of her teeth. She fell and hit a chair, which injured her spine.
She was off work for three months, but when she tried to return to work. Principal Marshall told her she was not wanted. They paid Stokes through May 2003 and gave her a letter saying she had not satisfactorily completed the school year.
That letter is essentially a negative recommendation, and now Stokes cannot get a teaching job. Stokes is working in a fast-food restaurant.
Stokes also claimed that while in the classroom one over-aged student sang to her about “raping a White bitch.”
Over-age students. North Charleston, like most school districts, flunks students who do not pass standardized tests or an- ’ vady for the next grade. More	53%	of
Brentwood’s students h ven Bunked at least once. Jon f . on, of the Charleston Education No \ ork, says that many of the other 43% are “two or three or more years behind academically.”
Now they have a plan that advances the students out of middle school if they have been flunked at least twice. They go on to high school and are placed in small classes, maximum size 15 students.*''
______________________.. o.vu» flClmJ
Whites kids on the run in rural Nebraska
Towns with meat packing plants in rural Nebraska are being overrun with Mexican immigrants. As a result, Whites are being driven out.
In tiny Schuyler, Nebraska, 450 White students or half the White student body of the schools has left.
Most of their parents have moved to nearby White towns to avoid the collapsing schools in Schuyler. In other cases, parents drive 10 miles each way to drop their children off at safer. Whiter schools.
The chief complaint reported in the media is bilingual classes. The teachers in Schuyler spend most of their time speaking Spanish to help the non-White students who are very slow in learning.
Other parents report that their children are bullied. How many times would you like to see your little girl come home crying from school?
The pattern is that when a meatpacking plant starts hiring Spanish speaking workers, the Mexicans flood into a town. Within ten years, 50% of the White children have left.
Houses that once were occupied by the typical White family with two children become packed with Mexicans, who have far more than two children per family.
In Schuyler, it was the Excel Corporation’s meat packing plant. But in other small towns such as Lexington, Madison, and South Sioux City it was other plants.
If in the first ten years, 50% of White children flee, what will the second ten years bring? Most of the rest of the Whites will leave their homes, crime will continue to explode, and Latinos will take control of the local government.
Schuyler will be nothing but another filthy, crime-ridden Mexican barrio ten years from now. y
Blacks versus Mexicans at Montbello High School
To the extent that Mexicans
come to the U.S., the U.S. will
become like Mexico.________
In March 2004, a Black gave a Latina (a female Mexican) a real beating, and since then racial tension between Blacks and Mexicans at Montbello High School has increased.
The school is in Boulder, Colorado, and is 50% Black and 40% Mexican. Three years ago, the school was only 19% Mexican, but immigrants who can speak virtually no English have flooded into Boulder.
The school board thought it would be nice to fund a weekend retreat where Black and Hispanic students could get together. They hired an expert in race relations to run the retreat.
As usual, they only picked the well-behaved “goody-two-shoes” students to attend. Thus, the event was meaningless to start with. Apparently no students from other races were invited.
When the bus got ready to leave for the retreat, it was obvious that something was wrong. None of the handpicked Blacks students showed up.
So the 15 Latino students went alone. They decided that coaches at the high school should speak Spanish so that more Mexicans could be on the teams. And since the Mexicans have no money, the school should pay for any athletic expenses they might incur.
They demanded a school-wide assembly on 16 September, Mexican Indeo indenee Day, and classes in Latino histoiy for all students because ali students now must take Black histor But they want to keep the segre school dances that the Blacks Mexicans now have.
The 15 Latinos often broke out Mexican nationalistic chants of “5/ puedeV’ This is a Marxist chant popularized by Cesar Chavez back in the 1960s, which means “yes, it can be.” The school declared the retreat a success, and plans a separate retreat for Black students. Later the school will act as mediator between the Blacks and exicans and try to set up a joint retreat.
Whites have been systematically driven from this high school, and the few that remain are irrelevant. Tax dollars are poured into a silly dispute between two opposing packs of orangutans.
This is Boulder, Colorado, today. It is your hometown tomorrow. It will get worse until you do something about it. y
Champaign: Disparities in school suspensions
Champaign, Illinois, school principals were under orders to lower suspensions of students for disciplinary reasons. Sure enough the bureaucrats let lesser infractions, slide and total suspensions went down, but Black suspensions actually went up.
Blacks make up 32% of the school population and had 774 suspensions in the school year 2003-2004, up from 753 the year before.
Whites make up 60% of the school population and had 209 suspensions down from 217 the year before.
That means a Black student was 7 times as likely as a White student to do something so heinous that he had to be suspended.
Part of the increase is an epidemic of suspensions in elementary schools. Elementary school suspensions were 310 in the school year 2003-2004 versus 208 the year before. Black students are uptive and violent even in
rgartei he S<
A	(
to do .ment
*ove conditions I make them equal.
3card doesn’t know sigred a civil rights promised to i loi Sack students
Time and tide wait for no man —Shakespeare
{ftlmubcrbolt jF2oUeml)pr 2004	33
Black-on-Black
violence:
Is it your responsibility?
In Chicago, two cousins—Antoine Jenkins, 19, and Antoinette Jenkins, 19— lived with their mothers in the same household.
Antoine’s mother said he was a good boy. “He’s not a violent child,” she said.
Antoinette is the manager at White Castle hamburger restaurant. At work, she is in heaven because she is one of the world’s biggest fans of White Castle hamburgers and fries.
On 12 September 2004, Antoine and Antoinette went to a different White Castle and came home with bags of food.
They got into a big argument over a box of french fries that belonged to Antoinette. Finally, Antoine attacked Antoinette to get the fries.
Antoinette managed to get a kitchen knife and stabbed him to death.
She escaped. Later that day, police raided a hotel room and captured her. According to police lieutenant Wade Ingram, “She had White Castle stuff all over the hotel room.”
A police investigation determined that Antoine was the initial aggressor and
I that it was a large 990 box of fries.
Based on that, the police released Antoinette.
This story is another “tragic” page in the history of Black-on-Black violence for Jessie Jackson and all the rest to complain about.
Black violence is omnipresent. When Blacks lose their cool, they try to kill whoever they can. They kill mostly Blacks because that is who they are near.
Whites cannot change the inborn nature of Blacks, any more than they can change the tides. Blacks can turn violent in a second.
Blacks are beggers. “We’re killing each other. Give grants to Black preachers and Black non-profit agencies to stop the violence. Build us youth centers, give us jobs, build us houses, and we will stop killing each other.”
Blacks use their inborn begging instincts to profit from their inborn violence./^
Day of the Rope metaphor
Dr. William L. Pierce predicted that White Americans would someday get fed up with White race traitors. Whites will likely rise up and hang the traitors from the nearest lamppost, he predicted in his famous novel, The Turner Diaries.
Thunderbolt believes that such an event may well occur in the not-too-distant future. From time to time, we will feature those whom Whites might rise against.
We hope that such an event need never occur. Hopefully the “lynching” will be just a political metaphor and not a physical reality. However, we see no indication that our enemies will come to their senses.
Governor Rod Blagojevich
Illinois has just adopted a ne program that gives even more money | Blacks to get PhDs at Illinc i Universities. This program is nm available to Whites.
The program also virtually guara -tees those Blacks getting PhD’s a cuss y job at Illinois universities.
I can tell you from my 10 years in universities that most of these Black PhDs will be inferior teachers and most will drift into fulltime university administrative jobs created for them, where they can maintain the title professor and appear to be on the faculty.
Governor Rod Blagojevich said as he signed the new program into being, “Our system of higher education should be as diverse as the state it serves. Diversity of background, experiences and viewpoints is what college is all about. This legislation will help bring the benefits of our diverse culture to classrooms and campuses for the benefit of all students.”
All 50 U.S. governors are just as bad as Blagojevich, as are all the major candidates running for governor. S
^ack Issues of Thunderbolt
3 following are available. Member 2003 [Issue 1-1]
:ober 2003 [Issue 1-2] j vember 2003 [Issue 1-3] December 2003 [Issue 1-4] January 2004 [Issue 1-5]
February 2004 [Issue 1-6]
March 2004 [Issue 1-7]
April 2004 [Issue 1-8]
May 2004 [Issue 1-9]
June 2004 [Issue 1-10]
July 2004 [Issue 1-11]
August 2004 [Issue 1-12]
September 2004 [Issue 2-1]
October 2004 [Issue 2-2]
You may receive these back issues at the lollowing prices:
1	issue $5
2	issues $9
3	issues $12
For each additional issue, add S3.
See page 3 for address and for bulk purchases. We cannot guarantee the availability of any particular past issues. As of 1 November 2004, all are in stock.
M
TThimhorlinlt____Cl ntiotnhor
C 2004 • <ri)unbfrb0lt
Murderers by race
The above graph comes from the U.S. Department of Justice’s Bureau of Justice Statistics.
The numbers on the left represent the race of murderers per 100,000 of population.
The blue graph line represents Black murderers.
The red graph line represents what the government calls “White” murderers, but it actually includes Mexican and other Latino murderers. About 90% of Mexicans are in fact American Indians and not Whites.
When the government talks about White” murderers, you must mentally substitute the words combined White and Mexican murderers.
For example in 1976, the first year of the graph, there were 5.1 White and Mexican murderers per 100,000 White and Mexicans.
That same year there were 44.7 Black murderers per 100,000 Blacks. By Dividing the two rates, we get 8.8 (44.7 -** 5.1 = 8.8).
In other words, an average Black was 8.8 times as likely to murder as the average White and Mexican combined.
The table in the next column shows the details for each year of the graph, y
Subscribe to
tEJjunberbolt
issues for $40.
lunderbolt LLC } Box 400
arlinton WV 24954-0400
Homicides by race of offender and victim, 1976-2000 Percent
1980	1985	1990	1995	2000
The above graph comes from the U.S. Department of Justice’s Bureau of Justice Statistics.
The figures on the left-hand side of the graph are the percentage of murders by category. For example in 1976, 47.5% of murders were Black on Black; 43.5% of murders were “White” on “White,” 6% were Black on “White,” and 2.0% were “White” on Black.
As always, we must remember that in the FBI’s and the Department of Justice’s statistics the “White” category includes Mexicans and other Latinos.
The actual numbers for 1976 were that Blacks killed 862 “Whites,” while “Whites” killed 290 Blacks. By dividing 862 by 290, we get 3.0. In other words Blacks killed 3 times as many “Whites’ as vice versa.
The 1976 ratio of 3.0 was above average for the 25 years shown on the graph. The average was 2.6, and the number varied from a low of 2.1 to a higl of 3.3. You can see that in all of the 2i years, B’icks were much more likely te murder4 Whites,” than vice versa.
On average for the 25 years. Black: killed 1001 “Whites” per year, while “Whites” killed 383 Blacks per year.
The year 2000 is the last one reported on the graph. In that year, “Whites” killeJ 300 Blacks, while Blacks killed 83(1 “Whites.”
The FBI likes to claim that interracial murder is not a problem because, durinl the 25 years, 14% of “White” victims werl killed by Blacks, while 6% of Blacj victims were killed by Whites. Dividinl the 14% by 6%, we still get a ratio of 2.31 What do you think? y
jloUrmUi'r 2004 39
(El)tiiibcrbolt
50-Caliber BMG outlawed in California
I from page 18
cks or Mexicans might be able to a riot into an insurgency, but that 1 can’t imagine any group in S. capable of supporting an ncy.
r civilians in the U.S., the .50-rifles are more an expensive and toy than anything else. Finding a vhere you can shoot 300 or 500 s very difficult. Finding a place to he ,50-BMG rifles their 2,200 yards ly impossible. You need a long open fid a high backstop, ong range shooting is not for the | It takes a lot of time, patience, and y. If you plan to buy a .50-caliber just to hear the loud noise, shoot igh steel plate, or impress your Is, it will just gather dust in a closet, y
On the left, is a military .308-Bliber (7.62 mm) cartridge, which is ■large military rifle round.
In the center, is the bullet from a BO-caliber BMG round.
On the right is an empty .50-
1™aliber BMG cartridge case.
You already have a closet and larage full of stuff you don't use. Make sure you really want a .50-caliber rifle before you buy one.
The rifles are expensive and so are the accessories. A scope for one of these can run $1200 including mounting rings. Property that you don’t use is more a liabjjjMfc^n an asset.
Barrett M82A1 .50-caliber BMG rifle. Price: $7,300. Note that on this model the pistol-grip trigger housing is behind the magazine. The Barrett on page 18 has the pistol-grip trigger housing in front of the magazine.
.50-Caliber Browning Machinegun
Bullet: The BMG fires a Va-inch diameter by two-inch long bullet typically weighing 650 to 720 grains. That is about four times the weight of a deer hunting bullet. A loaded .50-BMG cartridge weights about one-third pound.
Power: The BMG velocity of about 2800 feet per seco muzzle energy of 12,000 BMG’s 2800 fps is ab modem hunting cartridg 12,000 foot pounds is aboil a large elephant gun or four

L.A.R. Grizzly lists for $2200 and is a single-shot, .50-caliber, bolt-action rifle that claims 4" groups at 1000 yards. It weighs 30 pounds.
L.A.R., like Barrett, claims the Grizzly has about the same recoil as a 12-gauge shotgun. That is very high for a rifle.
has a muzzle^^
ver, the Ip ce fill m
as a large deer rifle (for example: .30-06).
Weight: The weight of the .50-1 rifles varies from about 22 poundrofTlo 35 pounds, unloaded. An M-60 machinegun (7.62 mm) weighs about 18/4 pounds. [I never saw anyone volunteer to carry one.] A .50-caliber machinegun with tripod weights about 128 pounds. A deer rifle weighs >'t 7 pounds.
Noise: I	1	MO	round	sounds
like a small ca you see a shoci four feet from the muzzle the gun shakes.
Penetration nnored-piere
BMG rounds will peneu
plate at 200 yards, 0.7 inch inch at 650
yards and 0.3 inch at 1650 yards (about 1
mile). But to achieve that penetration you
have to hit the target square (at right
angles). This requires being in the right
position and striking the target in the correct spot, y
e Bushmaster 15 Type 97 (list $892) is basically a semiautomatic M-16 without a stagk and with a shortened barrel. It fires w?z3-Remington rifle ammunition. The tube sticking oUtAhe back of this pistol contains the weJjfton’s spring.
I is fired like a pistol, with both hands the pistol grip. It weighs 46 ounces, which is not heavy for a handgun.
Police agencies don’t buy the Type 97. Its .223-bullets “over penetrate,” and rip through walls, killing hostages or police in other rooms, outside, or in nearby homes.
Body armor will not protect police from .223 friendly fire. This is a military or specialty hunting weapon, not a police weapon.
People who could use this weapon are those who (1) don’t care if they hit people on the other side of walls and (2) are shooting at jeople wearing body armor. These people dealers. Drug dealers don’t have Wese * because there are very few in and drug dealers don’t normally i mv weapons at gun stores.
D-m the Type 97 offer sufficient utility over collar >j e-stock weapons such as the Bushmastci M4 (list $1100) below?
warn
State of Thunderbolt & fundraising appeal
A personal message from Bob DeMarais
15 November 2004
Dear Friend and Supporter:
Thunderbolt and Dispatch are desperately short of funds, and I’m seeking contributions. Please read the below and decide if you can invest your funds toward Our Cause.
Why I need funds: The primary reason is that Thunderbolt still has too few subscribers to the pay monthly costs of printing ($3,500) and postage ($2,100).
My three biggest sources of funds have been subscriptions, my own contributions, and contributions from subscribers.
My personal funds are exhausted. I had calculated that I could continue to subsidize Thunderbolt at about $1200 per month until August 2005. However, the lawsuit against me threatens to take the land under my house. I have spent about $7,000 so far on legal fees; I hear that my antagonists have spent well over $10,000.
When Hollywood Jews and Black athletes spend their savings for expensive lawsuits, I find it funny. But it is not a bit funny when I see $ 17,000 wasted that could have gone to Our Cause.
With the premature exhaustion of my own cash contributions, I’m looking for people to assist Thunderbolt.
4ft
Other sources of funds: Some readers have suggested that I sell books or take advertising.
Advertising: Advertising is hard to get; it’s almost more work to obtain than it’s worth. Second, advertisers soon start dictating editorial policy.
The largest circulating weekly newspaper that purports to be on our side has been around since the 1950’s under two different names. It gets tamer and tamer. It rarely discusses race, and it usually fights “international bankers” and Zionists [non-racial terms for Jews.] Israel and Zionism are not the problem; Jews are the problem. Jews were a problem long before they invented the idea of Israel as a Zion.
If you look at the advertising in that newspaper, you’ 11 see things to the effect of Dr. Abe Goldberg’s miracle cure.
That’s fine for that newspaper. They probably do help Our Cause because their milquetoast articles are counterbalanced by their very large circulation. A weak dose of medicine to a larger group of people is their method.
I’m not condemning them. I just prefer a blunt and more forceful message. My goal is to find people and to make them into hardcore, hardworking, and dedicated fighters for Our Cause.
Selling Books: I’m confident that I know the book business as well, if not better than, anyone in the White movement. But I don’t have even one spare hour a month to spend on selling books.
If I hired someone to work in the book business, it would take a minimum sales volume just to pay his wages. In other words, I’d have to scrape up a minimum of $8,000 per month instead of the current $6,000.
I’m convinced that expanding into book selling would distract me enough that Thunderbolt would permanently fall behind schedule.
Underestimation: I made several bad predictions when planning Thunderbolt.
I underestimated the cost by about $500 per month.
However, my biggest error was misjudging my relationship with the National Alliance. At that time, I had just left the employ of National Vanguard Books, and I was not on speaking terms with Chairman Gliebe because I did not [and do not] trust him.
Nevertheless, two of the three members of the Board of Directors remained my friends. Gliebe rarely visited the Hillsboro headquarters, and he let the staff and directors make the decisions.
Thus, I thought I could work with the other directors and even with Shaun Walker. After Erich Gliebe ran off the two board members that were still loyal to Dr. Pierce, Walker sued me. Gliebe still takes little interest in operations, and he lets Walker run the show.
I also thought that I could get some cooperation from other publications and organizations. I was too much a Pollyanna concerning cooperation in
In 9 A.D., Hermann defeated the invading Roman army. This painting pictures him liberating parts of Germany that Rome occupied. You can see a captured Roman soldier in front, and wounded Germans being carried on horses behind.
Today, a Hermann to unite our people is nowhere in sight.
this school of piranhas that we call the White “movement.” I’m not faulting others. I’m just stating fact. Only the strong survive in our environment, and those survivors are a bit like piranhas.
In some ways, our “movement” reminds me of the German princes of long ago who rarely cooperated. You may recall that they united once for a period under Hermann the German in 9 AD; he decimated a Roman invasion. Had the Germans stayed united, Rome likely would have been crushed and history forever changed.
Our movement is a long way from finding our Hermann or our Bismarck.
Publishers who take money from Jews to advertise miracle cures would not take my money for display advertising or allow me to buy mailing lists. I did get one list of 1,300 labels from a man retiring from the
conspiracy/race book business, mat mailing did very well.
I successfully placed advertising in four publications. The best producer of responses was F American, a conspiracy/survivalist magazine run by Clay Douglas in Arizona. Clay was horribly injured in an auto accident. His family broke up, and his magazine hasn’t published for months. Most of my inquiries from Free American were people new to White nationalism.
Two other periodicals where I advertised were successful, but inquiries from those ads have slowed to a trickle. Most of their subscribers who are interested in my magazine have already contacted me. The fourth periodical where I advertised lost money for.me, bui Hnj apt to continue it because its readers afe all ne^w to the movement. If I can get my message to a few of them each month, it is worth the loss.
I also sent $400 for advertising to a wild Internet radio show host to play some ads for me. He took my money, didn’t advertise, didn’t return my calls, and then disappeared. [He is currently rising from the dead.] I could have been a steady source of money for him; and his listeners would have helped build my subscriber base. I’d classify him more as a parasite than a piranha.
In summary, placing advertising currently is not a solution to Thunderbolt’s financial problems.
Subscription rate: I also overestimated the subscription rate from the free copies sent in targeted mailings to non-movement people. On a monthly basis, this isn’t so critical, but, over the long run, it is. If I fall short seven new subscribers per month,
I lose $280 in revenue (7 x $40=$280).
Over Thunderbolt s 14 morons, inis nas amounted to $4,000.
I also overestimated the amount of time that I would have available to advertise and to promote Thunderbolt. In May 2004,1 was close to launching a supporting Internet web site. The lawsuit consumed the time that I had planned to use for it, for other marketing activities, and for answering your correspondence. This is the first fundraising appeal that I have had time to write since March 2004.
Accomplishments: Thunderbolt has been published monthly. This is a real feat considering that the biggest White nationalist organization, even with their large staff and large financial reserves, is hopelessly behind on all three of its magazines.
Monthly mailings of Thunderbolt have been as many as four days early and as many as six days late. My current estimate is that November will be eight days late, but December 2004 and January 2005 will be on schedule.
Well over 60,000 new people have received a copy of Thunderbolt. “New people” refers to carefully selected people who we might win over but who are not yet committed to Our Cause. I believe this dwarfs targeted mailings by others in “the movement.”
The current cost of these mailings is about 800 per copy. Thus, Thunderbolt’s propaganda effort has cost around $48,000. This is about equal to 80% of Thunderbolt’s losses. Reaching new people is Thunderbolt’s primary reason for existence.
If I end up preaching to the choir, like most White nationalist publications do, I’ll terminate Thunderbolt and try something else to advance Our Cause.
I
1
I
1

iI*
November ?nru fimHramma appeal
Thunderbolt has hardened the
We do not cover Israel and the
resolve of many subscribers. I know that by the notes that they send with renewals and with contributions.
Another accomplishment is that Thunderbolt deals with key issues that others in the movement ignore. Foremost is immigration as a race issue; I’m the lone voice in the wilderness on that one. Time magazine says that under George W. Bush, illegal immigration has jumped to three million per year.
We also uncover bad minority cops, and praise good White cops who are losing their battle to control the submen.
Thunderbolt is the only periodical that exposes the violence and corruption in our public schools. We cover minority crime against Whites better than any other publication.
Iraq war in depth. People will take up arms to save their schools, homes, borders, and their families’ lives, long before they will fight over U.S. Middle-East policy. Thunderbolt is looking for fighters, not talkers. Besides, you already have good sources for that information.
Thunderbolt remains totally focused on and totally committed to the future of our people. Publication cannot continue unless I get help from patriots like you.
If you want Thunderbolt to survive, please send what money you can. _______
—Bob DeMarais, Editor
r
— ~ ~ ~ .	_ . '   ~ ~ ~
Please send what you can 11
t
Name_
Address
1
City	State	Zip Code	I 1	11
Vlv - 	— □ $1000	□ $50	Your money was never	1 1 I	j h
□ $500	□ $20	more urgently needed.	1 |	
□ $200	□ $10	nor will it ever be more	V 1	f
□ $100	Other	carefully spent.	1 i	1 i
Make checks & MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC; Mail to:
1 i
Thunderbolt LLC PO Box 400
MARLINTON WV 24954-0400	FR'3	J	H
November 2004 State of Thunderbolt