

dinnijcrbolt • September 2003 • Volume 1-1
Contents
The Fanatic’s Road
Cincinnati’s 2001 Black riots
The Cincinnati Blacks: Major league killers
FBI: America's secret police’s connection to the Red enemy
Is it your fault? White kids do much better in school
Are our schools safe?
Small articles about “Hispanics”
Gun battle in New Orleans school gym: concealed carry .45 no match for AK-47 and 9mm Serial rapists in the news in April 2003 Moe Dalitz
Israelis demand that the U.S. release Pollard '"We’re going to whoop us a White bitch”
Book Review: promiscuous Jews, Schmoozing: the Private Conversations of Jews "Democracy ” is a crock
Blacks 450% as likely as Whites to be arrested for ly nching in SC
"'Vigilante” in neighborhood bar shoots Black armed robber Black guns down four Whites in neighborhood bar Update: Somali invasion of the U.S.
May 2003: Bush orders airlift to bring an additional 12,000 Somali Bantu tribesman to the U.S.
The Manning terror: the Anthony Woods stoiy Beautiful blond businesswoman battles brutal Blacks Fatal home invasion
Under-reported news you may have missed James Brown pardoned Cannibal update
Who painted "'Nig” on Black sheriff’s Jacksonville campaign headquarters?
Jacksonville serial killer: Arrested for 6+ murder/rapes What the new Thunderbolt is about



Page 3
Police Sketch

Black Riot, White Victim
-----

Is Black kids school performance your fault?
Suicide by Cop?
GHlunberboU of Gfruti)
A man is either a sheep or a lion; either a fighter or a loser; either a hero or a coward.
Only people who knew Dr. Pierce well could appreciate his persistence and his dedication to Our Cause—the cause of our race and its upward climb. To Dr. Pierce, ‘‘fanaticism" was a good word and a positive quality.
I recall Dr. Pierce talking to me about fanaticism when I came to Hillsboro, WV, to be on his staff in 1997. He said that we had to find ways to make more of our members into real fanatics. I was surprised that he used that word.
At that time I believed that fanaticism was for irrational people. Fanatics were just nuts. I knew about religious fanatics who thought Christ was going to come screaming across the sky this afternoon in a flaming chariot. And I had met football fanatics that thought the most important thing in the world was for the University of Alabama’s apes to kick the butts of Oklahoma ’s apes.
In the five and a half years that I worked with Dr. Pierce, I learned about real fanaticism. Fanaticism directed toward a real goal. No, more than that, directed toward the only goal that counts.
In those five and a half years. Dr. Piece only took about three days off, always in conjunction with a lady friend or his wife when he was married. Christmas, Thanksgiving, and tin i'jl of July were just ordinaiy days to him. His schedule was the same; it never varied. And he had to take a lot of flak from his women for it. Oh, he would compromise. For example, on Christmas, he would work his regular schedule but take two hours at noon to eat holiday dinner.
I never knew him to go to a movie, or a sporting event, or anything of the kind. I'm told that before I got here, he used to take time off He used that time to cut firewood, clear brush, or build some needed item—but all that was before the Oklahoma City bombing and the resulting publicity that the National Alliance received. Money poured in from sales of The Turner Diaries and other books. Membership in the National Alliance increased. And his workload increased.
The wood cutting and other hard physical work that he enjoyed were gone forever.
Dr. Pierce did not devote much time to family. He knew that if he failed in his task to save our race, his genetic stream and that of every White who had ever lived would be destroyed. His children and ex-wives respected him for what he accomplished, but they hated him because they perceived that he unfairly neglected them. And that hurt him. However, his work was necessaiy, so it was good. He just pushed their scorn from his mind and continued his personal and lonely war to save our race.
Think back about those 30,000 years or so that humans have been humans— that’s 1,200 generations—and all but the last dozen or so generations had to struggle just to find enough to eat. They had to kill other humans to survive. They accepted it. Those that didn’t accept it perished; their offspring were never born.
The White survivors faced hardships that we can’t imagine. The Ice Ages alone were an endless, cold, white hell. Your ancestors did it all so that you can be here.
They were fanatics. They worked whenever they could. They killed when necessary and had no guilt. It was necessary to kill, and what was necessaiy was good.
Our situation is not much better. In fact, our race has only a couple of generations left in which it can summon enough power to survive.
Dr. Pierce’s attitude was that if somet hing had to be done, and no one else was able or willing to do it, he would. Said another way, when others fai ed, lie did their job. Like Atlas, he put tin world on his big shoulders and lifted It was necessaiy, so it was good.
And it probably killed him fet, in his life—in his decades of fanatical labor—he did more for our race than an) other man, at least in the last cc ntuiy. Had he worried more about his lealth. he might have lived longer, but he would not have accomplished as much. It was necessaiy, so it was good.
Dr. Pierce took the hard road: tk road of poverty, the road where he was hounded by the FBI, hated by his fainik scorned by the general public, ^ misunderstood by most of his followers Now you must choose which road I® take. If you make the decision lightly and choose the hard road, you will turn back For the road is decades long, it is lonely and you must worry and be waryvV^ every step. And there will be no hapP ending for you if you choose the w road. Like Dr. Pierce you will P10^ die before you get to the end. I 111 hero’s end is always tragic.
—Bob DeMarais, Editor

2 Qrfjunbrrbolt September 2003
CFjunberboIt of Truth
September 2003	VOLUME	1-1
Thunderbolt is published approximately monthly by Thunderbolt LLC with articles of interest to action-oriented, Americans. Articles reflect the opinion of the authors and/or editor and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of any related organization. Single copy price $5 [postpaid]. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year for U.S. and Canada. All other countries: $80.
become a iJPfjunberbolt supporter
Help us make Thunderbolt a success and help us get tens of thousands of copies into the hands of those who can benefit. Thunderbolt will grow faster and be even bigger and better if you will support it by being a Capital Contributor. Our goal is to make Thunderbolt the hardest-hitting, most effective, and most widely circulated patriotic magazine in America. Most people need a Thunderbolt of Truth to shock them back to reality, and we will to give it to them. You can add power to this magazine. Send your suggestions and capital donations to the address below. Thunderbolt will be absolutely relentless in exposing the threats to our people and to their future. There will be no future, if you do not act today.
Let’s add a couple million volts of power to Thunderbolt. Let’s light up the black sky and send shock waves rolling across America.
—Robert A. DeMarais, Ph.D., Editor
Become a tOjunberbolt distributor and get the truth to the many who need it
Bulk & Distributor Prices			
Number of copies	One time purchase	6-Month Distributor Subscription	12-Month Distributor Subscription
10	$10.00	$55.00	$100.00
25	20.00	$110.00	$200.00
50	30.00	$165.00	$330.00
100	50.00	$275.00	$500.00
The above prices include postage to U.S. destinations. For foreign bulk orders, please write.			
t&bunberbolt September 2003	3
Cincinnati’s 2001 Riots
Officer Stephen Roach Timothy Thomas Timothy Thomas’ mother
White woman escapes after a bloody beating during one of the 2001 Black race riots
Juleana Frierson of the United Black Front. Although her group probably has only a few paid and active members, she and a handful of other Black radicals and preachers have great power. The police chief has been essentially castrated by a Politically Correct mayor, a cowardly city council, federal courts, and the U.S. Justice Department.
Although photo is not clear, inside the cab of his delivery truck a White truck driver is being beaten and severely injured by a mob of Blacks. No one tried to help him— not cops, the media, or “peaceful” Blacks. The rioters might have murdered him, but he was too strong for them to drag out of his glass delivery truck. Months after the riots he was still unable to work.
Cincinnati pays $4.5 million in extortion to settle some profiling claims
On 28 May 2003, Cincinnati Mayor Charlie Luken and five of seven city council members gave in to radical Blacks and wasted $4.5 million in taxpayer dollars to buyoff 16 lawsuits. The two most famous cases involved the death of two Black criminals shot by White police officers. Timothy Thomas was one. The other Black, Michael Carpenter, was shot when he tried to back over a police officer with his vehicle.
Mayor Luken says the payment is to help improve police relations with the Blacks. “We have an opportunity to put this behind us and, with our heads up, say we’ve treated everyone fairly,” He said. Essentially he admitted that to be fair to the Blacks he had to pay them $4.5 million, which is among the largest racial profiling settlements ever for a city.
This reckless squandering comes at time when Cincy is short of cash, and the police situation has deteriorated to the point that Black criminals rule the streets after dark in several parts of town. It proves to Blacks that their violent anti-White riots in April 2001 were justified. One of the attorneys for the Blacks, Alphonse Gerhardstein, said, “The work of racial reconciliation is always hard.” Then, apparently in a attempt to say he expected much more tribute, Gerhardstein said, “We’ve made a great leap forward, and I hope it continues.”
Cincinnati Blacks rioted in 2001 because police Officer Stephen Roach shot and killed a Black, Timothy Thomas. Thomas was running from police and ran down a blind alley. When Thomas realized he was trapped, he turned on Roach and reached for his waistband. Roach shot Thomas. Thomas did not have a gun.
Timothy Thomas, 19, was no model citizen, at least by White standards. As a juvenile, he committed minor crimes such as receiving stolen property. He dropped out of high school at 15. He got a girl pregnant and didn’t marry her. He didn’t have a job, and there is no indication he ever did. He never bothered to get a drivers license, though he often drove.
His real trouble with the police started with traffic tickets. He had twenty moving violations in three months, including ten for driving without a license. His mother paid for three of the tickets and 14 were outstanding when he was killed. He simply refused to go to court.
On two occasions prior to his death officers spotted him and tried to ask him when he was going to go to court. Both times he bolted and outran officers in a foot race. Both times arrest warrants were issued for fleeing an officer.
On 7 April, an officer tried to stop Thomas, and again he ran a foot race. When Officer Roach joined the race Thomas’ luck ran out. Three nights of violent riots followed.
Roach was investigated by several agencies and exonerated. Then he was tried in court and found innocent. He moved to a different town but is still hounded by Black lawsuits and protests.//
4 tEbunberbolt September 2003
The Cincinnati Blacks: Major League Killers
Cincinnati murder victims
2000	41
2001	58 the year of the riots
2002	65
2003	may hit 80
Cincinnati police are under strict orders not to use their guns. In addition, cops know they will face endless hearings, grand juries and likely be arrested and tried in court if they kill a Black criminal.
Cincinnati police didn’t fire a shot in 2002. Yet 14 more Africans were gunned down than in 2000, the last year before the riots. They are not smart enough to get the connection, y
38 of 40 Cincinnati murderers in 2001 were Black
The Department of Justice does not release detailed crime data until 13 months after the end of the year.
For the year 2001, Cincinnati police reported to the FBI the race of 40 murderers. Two were White and 38 were Black.
Cincinnati’s population is 53% White and 43% Black. Adjusting the murderer figures for population, Whites in Cincinnati murdered at the rate of 0.11 murderers per 10,000 Whites, versus a Black murderer rate of 2.7 per 10,000 Blacks.
Dividing these two rates (2.7 -^-0.11 = 24.5) shows that a Cincinnati Black was 24.5 times as murderous as a White in 2001. Said another way the average Black is 2450% as likely to murder as the average White.
2001 may have been a bad year for Blacks. During the four-year period 1993-1996 there were 17 White murderers versus 108 Black murderers. The White rate was 0.24 per 10,000 while the Black rate was 1.89. Thus a Black in that four year period was 7.9 times as murderous as a White. This number is about the national average for Black versus White murderers. M
Browning 9mm GP35 Semi-Automatic Pistol. Blacks blame guns, unemployment, structural racism, etc. for the consequences of their own violent and murderous nature.
Interracial murder
During the year 2001 in Cincinnati, Whites killed one Black, while Blacks killed three Whites. During the four year period 1993 to 1996, Whites killed one Black, while Blacks killed 11 Whites.
If anyone has a right to complain about murder, it is Whites. Blacks complain to us about murder, when they are, in fact, murdering us.y
The Cincinnati news media is composed of habitual liars & deceivers
The Cincinnati Enquirer’s 1 January 2003 edition stated, “Of 2002’s 64 homicide victims—a 15-year high—78% were African-American.” This victim data is intended to make you feel sorry for these Africans and to make you increase taxes to help them. But victims do not cause crime. The Enquirer would never fell you that in 2001, 95% of the murderers (38 of 40) in Cincinnati were Blacks. When DOJ numbers come out for 2002, it will be equally as shocking.
Simply put, Cincinnati’s murder problem is caused by murderers, not victims. The media says we must do something about Black-on-Black crime. If they were honest, the Cincinnati news media would say, “We must do something about Black murderers.” M
In Cincinnati, a Black woman is as likely to be a murderer as a White man
In 2001, Cincinnati had six Black female murderers and only two White male murderers. During the four year period 1993 to 1996, Cincinnati had 15 Black female murderers and 13 White male murderers. This is about typical on a national basis where we have found that Black women are slightly more likely to murder than White men are.
Thus the race factor in murder is as strong as the gender factor.
In 2001, there were 38 Black male murderers and zero White female murderers in Cincinnati. During 1993-1996 there we 93 Black male murderers versus 4 White female murderers.,*'
Whites are 95% more likely to be a victim than a murderer
During 1993-1996, a Black was 13% more likely to be a murder victim than a murderer. A White was 95% more likely to be a victim than a murderer.
In 2001, a Cincinnati Black was 18% more likely to be a victim than a murderer, while a White was 400% more likely to be a victim than a murderer. M
Sources: Unless stated otherwise, all the data on this page is calculated from the DOJ’s “Supplementary Homicide Report” (SHR), which is the basis for all national murder studies. Cincinnati reports its data to the FBI, which compiles the SHR. Cincinnati did not report any data in the years 1997 and 1998. Thus 1993-1996 was the most recent, continuous four year period available. In 1999 and 2000 Cincinnati reported the race of 47 murderers—34 Blacks and 13 Whites. During those two years, Blacks killed four Whites, while Whites killed one Black. M
QEIjunbcrbolt September 2003	5
★	
' *	1
FBI: America’s Secret Police
5
S
Sleeping with the enemy: did FBI agents trade U.S. secrets and $1.7 million for Chinese sex?
Katrina Leung, now 49, arrived in the U.S. from Communist China in 1969 when she was 15. By 1982 the FBI was paying her to spy on the Reds, and the Reds were allegedly paying her to spy on the FBI. Her FBI handler was James J. Smith with whom she soon got in bed. They kept it up for 20 years.
Somehow while they were humping, he just happened to have important Secret and Top Secret documents in his briefcase that were the critical documents that Chinese intelligence agents needed to run their massive spy ring in the U.S.
The secrets that Smith traded for sex allowed the Red spy ring to be one step ahead of the FBI. This enabled the Reds to steal secrets that they have used to build their burgeoning military might including the nuclear armed ICBMs that are aimed at us today. The Chinese were also able to steal industrial secrets, to produce the same quality goods as U.S. firms but at much cheaper prices due to their low labor costs. The Red Chinese purchase the latest Russian equipment for cash, U.S. cash. For example, they are buying the latest Russian submarines.
Of course, Smith claims Leung copied the documents without him knowing it. Sure, sure, I’m sure he’ll say that she was so good in bed that he passed out for hours afterwards. And of course, it was an accident that he just happened to have the critical information in his briefcase. And it was just an accident that he did not bother to lock it.
The FBI long suspected she was a Red spy. Also, the Los Angles Times reported that the FBI knew Smith was having sex with her, but that it was ok for him to break the rules because she was such a nice little “asset.”
Another of Leung’s FBI lovers was William Cleveland. [He had sex with Leung from 1988 to 1993, and resumed
Katrina Leung. Is she just another Chinese slut? Or is she a Chinese patriot and heroic spy? She could have fled years ago with the millions she extracted from the FBI for spying, and from U.S. cities and capitalists who thought she was buying influence for them. At 49, her years in bed as a “hottie” are numbered. Perhaps she did all for China that she could possibly do.
from 1997-1999]. In 1991 Cleveland was listening to secret FBI wiretaps, and guess what? He recognized her voice. He told Smith. And apparently instead of arresting her or reporting her to the FBI, Smith confronted her with the specifics of two FBI agents she had sold out to the Reds.
These men were our spys in China. They could have easily been killed by the Reds. Needless to say, after this, Smith had the power to blackmail her into sex.
Smith made Leung apologize to the two FBI agents. And needless to say she soon had William Cleveland in bed again. She traded her body for her beloved Chinese race. She is married to a Chinese named Kam Leung. Smith is also married.
Cleveland quit his job at the FBI and became head of security at the Lawrence Livermore Labs, where much Top Secret work is done (see accompanying article).
By 2000 the U.S.’s China program was collapsing. The CIA was no longer getting much good information from our spies in China. Many of then had been compromised. Somehow the Reds
seemed to have located U.S. electroni surveillance and were feeding it fajs information. Worse, the Chinese had established a large spy network in the U S that seemed invulnerable to the FBI’s counter espionage efforts. How much of this was due to Smith and Leung and how much was due to other FBI corruption and incompetence, we’ll probably never know.
Rather than going after Smith in 2000, the FBI pushed his nomination through, and he was awarded the coveted National Achievement Award.
In the meantime, the FBI was devoting hundreds of agents to harassing White patriots, who the FBI thinks area major threat to the U.S.
Did Smith break off his tawdry sex escapades back in 1991 when he found out Leung was a spy? Hell no! He continued them until the FBI was finally forced to take action just a couple months ago. Leung was arrested 9 April 2003. Smith was also arrested but released on bond. A week later, William Cleveland resigned as head of security for Lawrence Livermore Laboratory.
The FBI and DOJ are even granting Smith limited immunity, so they can prosecute Leung! It looks like the FBI thinks Leung is mostly at fault! He’s an FBI agent. Aren’t FBI agents supposed to protect our secrets and keep their pants zipped up? She’s just a little Chinese whore that apparently was putting out for her people. Who does the FBI think Chinese are loyal too? Blacks are loyal to Blacks, Mexicans are loyal to Mexicans, Jews are loyal to Jews, and Chinese are loyal to Chinese.
The FBI isn’t upset over this espionage disaster. This is just what Robert S. Mueller calls a “management lapse.” Containing the bad publicity is the FBI’s main concern.
Janet Levin, Leung’s Jewish defense attorney, is already hinting that she’ll use the triple-agent defense—that the U.S. paid Leung to be a fake double-agent and used her to give false information to the Chinese, who thought she was a just their double-agent. S
H Ounberbolt September 2003
Connection to the Red Enemy
James J. Smith, an FBI super-star, who spent 20 years in bed with an alleged Red spy.
The FBI code name for Katrina Leung was “Parlor Maid.” She vacuumed up a lot more than dirt from the carpet. America’s secrets were sucked up and sent to China. Under cover as a rich businesswoman, she hobnobbed with Hollywood stars, gave money to Democrats, and did fundraising for Republicans.
She is a “naturalized” U.S. citizen who naturally is still loyal to her homeland and the Chinese race. Her supporters claim DOJ is discriminating against her because of her Chinese race. DOJ isn’t, but they should be.
Remember how the FBI bungled the investigation of Wen Ho Lee? Now for the rest of the story
If you read the larger article to the far left you know that William “Bill” Cleveland was one of the FBI agents sleeping with alleged Red spy Katrina Leung. Cleveland retired in 1993 and took a very lucrative position as head of security at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory. These big laboratories are crawling with Asians and a hot bed for potential leaks of our highest secrets.
One FBI agent complains that it seemed like every time he worked with Cleveland on a case, it went nowhere. In fact, Cleveland was involved in three critically important spy cases that were bungled by the FBI and the security people at these labs.
Tiger Trap was the code name for a Chinese spy at Livermore, who was passing critical information on the Ultra-Top Secret neutron bomb. The main suspect was Gwo-Bao Min, a Taiwanese-Chinese-American. The investigation was bungled, and Min was allowed to resign. He now runs a successful trading company in Danville, California. Guess who he trades with? The FBI caught another Chinese in a wire tap, offering to help Tiger Trap. He was Wen Ho Lee.
Wen Ho Lee was at Los Alamos Laboratory. His connection with Tiger Trap should have cost him his job, but they let him slide. Because of the Tiger Trap connection, Cleveland, who was at Lawrence Livermore, became intimately involved in the action at Los Alamos. Later, when Wen Ho Lee was accused of spying on his own, Cleveland was in on the investigation, both bungling and pressing for Lee’s prosecution. But the case was hopelessly messed up, and the DOJ thinks Cleveland might have been blaming the wrong Chinese.
Peter Lee was employed at Los Alamos in the 1980s and later moved to TRW, a high-tech company that has many of its own industrial secrets as well as Top
Secret government projects. DOJ and FBI officials think Cleveland did a poor job on his part of the investigation into Lee’s activities at Livermore. Lee was finally convicted in 1997 of passing nuclear secrets to the Chinese, but the case was so badly bungled that Lee received only a 12 month sentence! And that sentence was to be served in a half-way house!
Lawrence Livermore’s secrets. The real fear in the intelligence community is that Cleveland could have passed to Leung the secrets of the laboratory’s security system—passwords, protocols, and tricks intended to catch spies. If that occurred, the Red Chinese could have extracted all of Livermore’s nuclear weapons design details.
No charges have been filed against William Cleveland, now 60, and he may not even be a suspect, y
Smiling liars
Of course, there will be investigations and hearings, plenty of them. Politicians— those smiling liars—can make political hay by “exposing” and “reforming” these problems. This disaster may make some politicians famous. But in the end, politicians will do nothing significant. They haven’t for decades, and they never will. They will keep allowing Asians to flood into the U.S. Many of the Asians will get technical degrees and get sensitive positions in government laboratories, industries, the Department of Defense, the FBI, or nuclear power plants. In fact, all of these are already swarming with Asians—with the “Yellow Peril.”y
tKIjunberbolt September 2003
7
Is it your fault?
White kids do much better in school
“Educators” are moaning again about the gap in test scores and performance of minority students versus White students. In 2001, President Bush and the Congress made it the law that all students must perform equally. This is the infamous “No Child Left Behind” legislation.
Think back to when you were in school. Weren’t some kids just plain dumb and some amazingly smart? Everyone knew “that’s just the way Billy is” or “Susie is such a brain.” They were born that way. But somehow the politicians and the educators say Black and “Hispanic” kids who are dumb aren’t really dumb. They have just been cheated by the schools, by you taxpayers, by the whole environment, and by their parents. In fact, only their parents cheated them, they genetically cheated them.
Some Results
The Bogalusa, Louisiana, school district is in an economically poor parish (county) in a poor state. In 2002, Black student performance scores were 52.5 versus White scores of 80. How bad is a score of 52.5? The semi-retards in “special education” can score 34.1%. The average Bogalusa Black student is 18.4 percentage points above the semi-retards and 25.5 points below the average White. Thus, the average Black is closer to the semi-retarded group than he is to the average White. This school district is about 50% White and 50% Black. Of course, many of the really smart White kids aren’t in the district’s schools. Their parents send them to private schools or home school them.
For Louisiana public schools, as a whole, Black students scored 55.7 versus 98 for Whites, and the semi-retards scored 42.1. Read that again and think about it.
In Palm Beach, Florida, 49% of Black third graders failed the FCAT test versus 39% of “Hispanic” students and 15% of Whites.
In Broward County, Florida among fourth graders the percentage passing by race was: 36% for Blacks, 46% for “Hispanics,” and 67% for Whites.
In Illinois, statewide, those passing basic achievement level for 8th grade math by race are: 42% of Blacks, 51% of “Hispanics,” and 81% of Whites.
In Kentucky a White student is 12 times as likely as a Black to score high enough to get into advanced placement for calculus. That is 1200% as likely. White boys may not be able to jump, but Black boys can’t do math.
In fact, the average 17-year-old Black does math at the level of an average 13-year-old White.
It’s so bad that many Blacks in high school can’t understand the “concept of twenty.” What the heck is that? When you count, you go to ten, then eleven, then twelve, and then from thirteen to nineteen. You memorize that and Blacks can memorize, if they work at it. But suddenly at 20 the decimal system really kicks in, and students must learn that 22 is really just twenty plus 2. Many Blacks can never figure that out.
Fully one third of Blacks are “Educatable Mentally Retarded” or EMR. EMR people do have some ability to memorize but very little reasoning ability. The cold, hard fact is that EMR-level people are too stupid to hold a real job. With weeks of patient training, they can learn to work in a fast food restaurant. But if the system there is changed, even a little, they are lost and have to be nearly completely retrained.
Bush says flunk all the stupid students
Of course if we flunk all the dumb students it means flunking much larger percentages of Black and “Hispanic”
students than White students. In some school districts, they are already trying it. For example in Palm Beach by age 16, 50% of Black males have been flunked one or more years. This means these mental midgets, who are far more physically and sexually mature than their classmates, are mixing with younger students. These over-aged, flunked students are often the disruptive, violent, trouble-makers that create a disciplinary nightmare for teachers and a hazard for their younger classmates.
Poverty is not the cause of stupidity Stupidity is a major cause of poverty
The media has told you a thousand times that Blacks and others who perform poorly in school are just victims of poverty. These days, children grow up in poverty mostly because their parents are stupid. Children genetically inherit stupidity from their parents.
Many White children who were bom, say 80 years ago, did grow up in poverty. But by age 30, almost all of them who had any brains had fought and clawed their way out of poverty. And smart kids in poverty still do it today.
2 = 5
The same test results that “educators” use to support their false claim that poverty causes students to do poorly in school actually prove the opposite.
Let’s look again achievement at test results in Louisiana. Blacks scored 55.7 and Whites scored 98.0. Students in poverty scored 64.8 and students not in poverty scored 95.8. In other words, students in poverty outscore Black students 64.8 to 55.7. Furthermore, White students (both in and out of poverty) out-scored students not in poverty 98.0 to 95.8. This is true in all of Louisiana’s 66 parishes. Race is the strongest factor in student performance. Period.
Blame Whites?
How many times do we have to see media reports that Blacks “suffer” the most in schools? In Orleans Parish,
8 QTfjunberbolt September 2003
Louisiana, 93% of public school students are Black. Blacks control the school board. They control the government, the police force, etc. The State of Louisiana and the Federal government give them tens of millions of dollars per year just for their schools. Let’s look at the results. Blacks score 42.3 and Whites 122.2. Note that the average “special education” student in Louisiana scored 42.1. The average Black scored lower than the average “special education” student.
It will get worse
The White birth rate and immigration rate is far below that of non-Whites. For example, in 1983 “Hispanic” children were only 9% of the K-12 student population in the U.S. In 2000, 17% of K-12 students were “Hispanic.” That’s an amazing jump in 17 years.
In just a few years, these “Hispanics” will be adults and having more children. The dropout rate for “Hispanic” students is twice that of Whites. Many drop out to have babies so that the government will furnish them their own home, and they will be eligible for their own welfare check.
It makes no difference what tests are used. IOWA test, Leap 21 tests, FCAT, ACT, SAT, GMAT, IQ, etc. all show that Blacks are far, far behind Whites.
It’s been this way for the three generations since the Federal government desegregated schools and began dumping tens of billions of dollars into Blacks’ education. And it was all a waste. They didn’t get any smarter. They didn’t get any less violent. Another three generations will make no difference.
But three generations of White kids have sat in classrooms where the teacher spends most of her time trying to teach childishly simple concepts to blockheads. White kids have had to listen to disruptive Blacks students yelling f— you at the teacher. They have been threatened in the halls, groped and subjected to being ganged up on by Blacks.
How long will you put up with it? How long will you believe the smiling-liar politicians and the clowns who call themselves “education” administrators? They cannot change human nature. And you cannot make this government fix the problem. Revolution is the only answer. M
Are Our Schools Safe?
Teacher Juan Cerda rapes 7-year-old
The Houston Independent School District has fired Juan Cerda, a Cage Elementary School teacher for the rape of a 7-year old (sex of child not released). He was arrested by police and charged in court. Twenty years ago he was arrested for auto theft.
One parent wonders how the school board could have hired such a predator and said, “I can’t understand how he could’ve crawled in there, but bugs crawl into the nicest homes and the cleanest homes.” y
Teacher rapes student



On 3 June 2003, Atlanta police arrested Elvin Whiten for the violent rape of a 16-year-old student in a school office. Police are investigating whether he attacked other girls, including a 14-year-old victim.
Before Whiten came to the Atlanta, he was a teacher at the DeKalb, GA, schools where he was arrested for sexual assault of a student. He was allowed to plead guilty to simple assault, served no time, and quietly resigned his teaching post. As a first time offender, he had his record expunged of the crime. In fact, his buddies at the DeKalb schools gave him a strong recommendation that got him hired in Atlanta.
Why do they hire scum like this? Is it just a matter of background checks? No. Simply put, there are quotas for hiring Black teachers, just like there are for other jobs. Often the “authorities” will simply tell a superintendent, “the next person you hire will be Black. Period.”



Teacher convicted of rape & sexual battery
Howard Ray Johnson II, 29, of Gallatin, Tennessee, was charged with sexual battery, official oppression, and five counts of rape of a 15-year-old student. On 26 June 2003, he was sentenced to two years in prison.
Mr. Johnson was a special education teacher and basketball coach at Station Camp Creek High School for three years.
17-year-old rapes teacher
On 10 June 2003, a judge ordered Terrell Wilkins, 17, to stand trial for raping a teacher, age 57, in a Cincinnati basement classroom. During trial processing, Wilkins made threats against the judge, a psychiatrist, and lawyers.
He has a previous conviction for rape. His juvenile rap sheet includes 12 delinquencies, three assaults, and three for family violence.
Terrell Wilkins is a Black from Cincinnati’s notorious Over-the-Rhine district. Over-the-Rhine was once a German neighborhood, a model of well-kept homes, cleanliness, and order. Then the Blacks moved in and the Germans moved out. Now the police rule the streets during the day, and the Black criminals rule during the night. M
Subscibe to {Etyunberbolt Today! See page 3
Cbunbcrbolt September 2003
9
Tex-Mex family decapitates their 3 children
John Allen Rubo, 22, works as a male prostitute. He is a U.S. citizen.
Angela Camacho, 23, is an illegal alien and unwed mother of the three murdered children. The Mexican government offered her unlimited resources for her defense.
In April 2003, John Allen Rubo and Angela Camacho, of Brownsville, Texas were arraigned for the murder of their three babies.
Police say the couple individually confessed that they murdered Julissa Quezada, 3, and Mary Jane Rubio, 2 months, by suffocation. Then they
stabbed these two babies numerous times and decapitated them and put them in black garbage bags.
Then the couple had sex and did a little housework, which included cleaning up the blood from the slaughtered girls. Next they murdered their son, John Esthefan Rubio, 1, in the same fashion. His naked body was found at the foot of their bed and his head was in a plastic garbage bag about three feet away.
Apparently, they washed the babies’ bodies before putting them in garbage bags.
One girl has 12 stab wounds on her face and neck and 21 in her chest. The other girl has stab wounds in her back and neck. The little boy’s vertebrae and ribs were broken in several different places.
Drugs do not seem to be a factor. Angela Camacho appears to be insane. It is not clear whether she was insane before the murders or went insane after she realized what she had done.
The Mexicans said that they killed their three babies because they did not want them to grow up in poverty. However, they also apparently believe in witchcraft and that may have been a factor. Their families attended their arraignment, y
He stabbed his boss & tossed her into a dumpster
Leslie, Dickerson, 25, a manager at Boston Market restaurant in Indianapolis was having trouble with an employee, Maya Abraham, 31, who speaks only Spanish. He had made sexual advances including grabbing her. She had told her husband, John, about it and planned to tell her boss about it on Monday.
A surveillance camera shows her alone cleaning up the restaurant late Saturday night, 26 April 2003. The camera shows Abraham entering the restaurant and using a broom to push up the surveillance camera and then his hand turns it away.
Then the Mexican apparently attacked her. Police found fresh cut marks
on both of his arms and bruises, red marks, and scratches on his chest. He stabbed her numerous times and dumped her body in a garbage dumpster.
Because he speaks no English he is presumed to be an illegal alien. He has a wife and two recent arrests for DWI and public intoxication, y
Indianapolis welcomes more “Hispanics”
In the same edition that carried the story of the murder of Leslie Dickerson a beautiful young hard-working White woman, the Indianapolis Star ran two articles extolling the virtues of the rapid influx of non-Whites from Mexico, Columbia, and other Third World Latin hellholes.
Indianapolis’ “Hispanic” population from 1990 to 2000 rose from 11,084 to 42,994—a 288% increase.
The smaller article describes how both the Republicans and Democrats there are using affirmative action within their parties to lure “Hispanic” votes. What is amazing is that the article admits that only a few of the new immigrants are citizens and are eligible to vote.
The other article drools over all the wonderful Latin events Indianapolis is having: Fiestas, El Dia de los Minos (Day of the Children), Cinco de Mayo, Mexican film festivals, and so forth. Of course they don’t bother to tell the reader that the aliens flooding into the U.S. are almost exclusively Indians and half-breeds.
To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico. The Mexicans will bring poverty, drugs, crime, corruption, filth, and noise, y
Leslie Dickerson, though somewhat quiet and shy, was a hard-working ambitious woman. Her friends remember her as an exceptionally warm person. She was a manager of a restaurant yet went to school five nights a week. Her husband was a manager in the same chain. She had no children although she and her husband planned on having a family, y
10 QJjunberbolt September 2003
Dozens of “Latino” rapists, child rapists, and sex predators in Chicago
On 30 June 2003, Federal authorities in Chicago said they are holding 37 aliens of which 21 are illegal aliens. Names of 18 of the 21 were released and they are all “Hispanic” mostly from Mexico, Central America, and the Philippines. Your government describes them as “dangerous individuals” who prey on America’s most vulnerable “citizens.”
All are convicted sex predators of the worst kind including child rapists. The 21 illegals were only sentenced to probation and the government is trying to deport them. The other 16 have Green Cards and may be released back into circulation here in the U.S. Undoubtedly some of those deported will just come right back into the U.S.
So-called “Hispanic family values” is a hoax invented by the liberal media and perpetuated by politically correct politicians. Media clowns like G. Gordon Liddy lie when they say that Latino rapists in prison are routinely attacked or killed by other Latinos. And some are stupid enough to believe him.
The 37 are just from the Chicago area. Imagine the numbers if all states were included.
People like Clinton and Bush want to open our doors to a flood of Mexicans. To the extent that Mexicans come to the U.S., the U.S. will become like Mexico. y
An epidemic of drowned immigrant “Latinos” has caused a panic in Texas, North Carolina, and Sonoma County, California. In Sonoma’s Russian River, 11 of 12 of those who have drowned are Mexicans. In Lake Travis, Texas, 3 of 4 are Mexican, and in Durham, North Carolina, 5 Mexicans have already drowned this summer.
While some officials think warning signs in Spanish will help, a Sonoma official says, they will just destroy or steal
“Hispanics” caught selling driver’s licenses in Virginia
Since 1998, a gang of “Hispanics” has been selling real drivers licenses in Tysons Comers, Virginia. The gang was finally broken up on 2 July 2003.
Two non-citizens that worked in the Virginia Department of motor vehicles collected $800,000 to $1,200,000 for issuing licenses to illegals. The illegals took no written or driving test nor did they have to show any identification. One clerk is Consuelo Onate Banzon, 46, a Green Card holder and the other is Rony Razon, who may be an illegal. Both are from the Philippines. They had four other immigrants selling the licenses to illegals. They are from Guatemala, Mexico, and the Philippines; two are illegals and one is a U.S. naturalized citizen.
Many of those they sold driver’s licenses to are known criminals.
After years of deliberately looking the other way, the U.S. Department of Justice and the FBI are finally actively trying to curb illegally obtained driver’s licenses. Seven of the 19 terrorists who attacked on 9-11 had illegally obtained Virginia driver’s licenses.
Last year a gang led by a Black woman was stopped from selling licenses in the Memphis area and a gang of immigrant Hindus was arrested in Chicago. Their native countries are almost totally corrupt. Why should they change when they come to the U.S.? A leopard can’t change its spots. It’s bom that way. y
the signs. Also it will not prevent any drowning deaths. North Carolina’s governor says Mexicans kids are “fearless by nature,” and that the problem is that Latinos do not watch their kids when they are near water. Another problem in all three states is Latino alcohol consumption.
In any event, local governments plan on spending millions to teach the Latinos that if they get in over their heads they may drown, y
Serial baby rapist convicted

Erick Salazar-Rivasplata
On 30 June 2003, Erick Salazar-Rivasplata, 26, was finally convicted in the rape of two 7-year-old girls in Denver. It is unknown if he had other victims. Salazar-Rivasplata waited in the same alley for both attacks, which came two months apart in November 2000 and January 2001. When the little first graders came by on their way to school, he would grab them, haul them to near where he lived, assault them, and then unceremoniously dump them back at their grade school.
Both girls picked him out of a photo lineup and one girl was able to lead police to the garage where she was raped.
For the little girls now 10 and 11, the tragedy continues as they suffer from emotional problems and recurrent nightmares.
During the trial, Salazar-Rivasplata’s wife claimed he was with her when one of the attacks occurred, and went hysterical shouting at the families of the victims, “He’s innocent! He’s innocent!”
However, the case was solid and the prosecution proved he was, “a dangerous man who preyed on little girls.”y
“Hispanic”
The government calls people who originated in Spanish or Portuguese speaking countries “Hispanics.” Some Hispanics are White including millions of Germans living in Brazil. Many are Indians from Mexico and Central America or Asians in the Philippines. Cuba has Whites, Indians, and Blacks. Most Puerto Ricans are Black. “Hispanic” is a meaningless term, but in the U.S. most of them are non-White.y
Mexicans: strangers to water
tEfyunberbolt September 2003	11
Gun Battle in New Orleans School Gy^
Concealed carry .45 no match for AK-47 and 9^
John McDonogh High School is a typical inner-city high school. Teachers work in fear. The principal doesn’t give a hoot. Elaborate security systems are either broken down or unmanned. Gang fights are common. Strange, non-student predators roam the halls. Students often just hang out in the halls or other hiding places rather than go to class. Teachers at McDonogh say there are at least 300 “students” there that don’t belong there because they are too old, habitual rules violators, or have flunked so many times that they are making no progress toward graduation. Its standardized test scores are terrible. McDonogh’s two claims to fame are its marching band and its football team.
Hillard “Head” Smith, 18, flashed a lot of cash. One student said, “He was a stunner, always pulling out his money. He had gold teeth, gold chains, gold everything. ... He wore a new pair of tennis shoes like every day.” On 1 December 2001, he was shot in the leg. Police think that the gunman was Jonathan “Caveman” Williams, then 13. But Smith and his mother refused to cooperate so the police released Caveman. Then on, 7 April 2003, Head Smith, wearing his latest pair of Nike high-tops, was gunned down and killed at Joseph S. Clark High School in New Orleans.
Police didn’t even consider Caveman Williams, now 15, to be a suspect in the second shooting, even though he was openly bragging of killing Head. “Yeah, we shot Head. We did him in. I don’t care
Jonathan “Caveman” Williams’ body being removed from high school. Caveman thought he was safe in a gym class packed with 200 students, especially since he had a .45 pistol tucked in his pants. Three nonstudents invaded the gym and mowed him down in a hail of 9mm and AK-47 bullets.
if I die. We’re all going to die some day,” a student quoted Caveman as saying. Caveman was burly and as mean as they come. He liked to pick fights.
Caveman attended John McDonogh High School. On 14 April, he went to school loaded for bear or should we say “gorilla.” He was packing a .45 pistol tucked into his pants with 10 rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber. He wore a coat to hide the obvious bulge.
McDonogh has 1100 students, metal detectors, a chain-link fence, four security guards and a policeman. But the security guards are rarely at their posts; they are drinking coffee, pigging out in the lunchroom, or flirting with students. Students just walk though the metal detectors, which often go “Beep, beep, beep,” but the students just keep on going. Rarely are they stopped and checked.
Caveman found it easy to get past the guards and into the gym. There were 150 students taking gym and about 50 students not in the class just hanging out on the bleachers. Police think someone got Caveman to sit near the door. Then
someone used a cell phone to tell Caveman’s enemies just exactly where he was sitting. Police think Michelle Fulton, 17, may have fingered Caveman. Fulton, a 5-foot-3 slight-built Black girl with shoulder-length, dyed red hair was wearing a T-shirt commemorating Head Smith’s death.
Three gunmen slipped though one of the many holes in the security fence and easily got past the metal detectors and security guards. One was armed with an AK-47 (some reports say it was an SKS). The others had pistols, one of which was a 9mm. The three gunmen stormed into the gym and in seconds were firing at Caveman. Bullets were flying everywhere and Caveman collapsed on the bleachers. The killer with the AK-47 ran up to him and fired more bullets into his body and head at point blank range. Caveman was unable to draw his .45 and one of the hit man’s bullets dented it. He was riddled with 9mm and AK-47 holes. Somewhere between ten and thirty shots were fired.
The gym erupted into a screaming, hysterical panic-driven mob. One girl, 16,
12 QtfninDerbolt September 2003
was shot in the buttocks, another 16-year-old was shot in the thigh, and a third girl, 15, was hit by a bullet that sliced though both legs. A fourth girl, 16, who was pregnant, was trampled in the stampede of Black students fleeing the gym. All four are expected to recover.
The three hit men slipped out, escaped, and were picked up by a red Oldsmobile Cutlass with tinted windows and a temporary license tag. Within minutes a police officer was in pursuit. But the killers had already switched to a second getaway car and the officer was only chasing a car containing the killers’ cohorts. The driver of the red Olds hit the accelerator and led the officer, zigzagging though the neighborhood. Then the occupants bailed out and ran into a house. The officer knocked on the door, but a woman answered saying no one had come into the house. That woman was none other than Michelle Fulton, who may have fingered Caveman.
A SWAT team surrounded the house and entered with a search dog. One suspect was hiding in a closet, and another under a bed. Booked for first degree murder were Tyrone Crump, 17, Herbert Everett, 18, and Michelle Fulton, 17. Police also booked Larry Moses, 17, who lives at the house, and recovered several guns. Within minutes someone spotted Ralph M. Enclade, 19, with a rifle. Police quickly arrested him and recovered an AK-47. However, the three gunmen were still at large.
Meanwhile, back at the gym, Caveman’s mother forced her way through crime scene police lines. Mrs. Williams screamed at the police “I don’t want to hear your bull #%@ shit! I want
Parent screams at police. A mini-riot broke out as parents tried to crash police lines protecting the scene.
Police say Steve Williams, 18, (left) and Raymond Brown, 19 (right) were two of the three gunmen who invaded a high school to kill Caveman Williams. Williams was bragging that he murdered their friend one week before. They made no attempt to hide their faces and knew that many of the students would recognize them. The school was protected with a chain-link fence, two metal detectors, four security guards, and a policeman—none of which worked. This is what American has become, a land of coldblooded killers and prison high schools where the employees are too lazy and corrupt to do their jobs. Blacks blame you for Black-on-Black crime. What do you think?
— _ i_
to see my baby!” Then relatives of other victims and students stormed the police lines and a mini-riot developed, which the police were eventually able to physically subdue.
The next day, two of the suspected gunmen, James Tate, 17, and Steven Williams, 18, were captured hiding in a house. The third, Raymond Brown, 19, surrendered about four hours later. In all, nine were charged with first degree, capital murder.
The .45 pistol in Caveman’s waistband wasn’t even discovered until the next day during his autopsy.
Of the nine accused, eight have prior records. In fact, Larry Moses had just been convicted of first-degree robbery and was just hanging around waiting to be sentenced, which was likely to have been three years in boot camp.
In typical New Orleans fashion, the grand jury reduced the charges to second degree murder. And things are back to normal at McDonogh High School, although a couple holes in the fence were patched and the security guards were given a good chewing out. The only real difference is that the school has been sued by parents, y
New Orleans is 27% White
Blacks control the city government, schools, police department, and all other governmental functions.
Blacks students in Orleans Parish schools score about the same as special education students in Louisiana (see article page 8).
Murder and rape are an everyday thing in New Orleans. The incompetent police force is so overwhelmed that many of the murder victims are just tagged, put in body bags and sent to the morgue without any real hope of the crime ever being solved. This “tag and bag” system is used in other Black controlled cites.
The police in New Orleans only get excited when a tourist is killed. The fat cats that own the big downtown hotels won’t put up with that. They don’t want tourists to know the truth about their Third World city.y
Time and tide wait for no man.
QTbunbrrbolt September 2003	1	3
“Vigilante” in neighborhood bar shoots Black armed robber
The Cincinnati media attempted to discredit Hal McKinney and show him as a criminal by continually flashing his mug shot on TV and in the newspapers. This photo was taken around midnight after Hal shot one armed robber and frightened off another.
Hal McKinney, 54, has lived in Cincinnati’s Northside neighborhood most of his life; he left for a few years to serve in the Army. The historic Northside was once a nice neighborhood, but gang-bangers and drug dealers have been moving in. Crime is exploding. Only a block from Junkers Tavern is a comer that is notorious for drug sales. In July 2002, a gangster was shot in front of Junkers, and in February 2003 police killed a burglar who had tried to rob a store only a block away. The Northside is on the verge of becoming another of the city’s Black ghettos. It ranks 9th highest out of the 54 Cincinnati neighborhoods in the amount of serious crime: murder, rape, robbery, and assault.
McKinney is a member of Cincinnati’s 500-member COPP [Citizens on Patrol Program] and the father of a little girl. He hopes COPP can help stem the collapse of his beloved Northside. But he wasn’t on a COPP patrol when he stopped in Junker’s Tavern for a few minutes at about 11:00 pm Thursday night 8 May 2003. He lives only a block from Junkers, and he wanted to see if any of
the patrons would join COPP. Only a half-dozen people were in the bar including customers and the 68-year-old barmaid.
McKinney was leaning against the bar talking to his friend and neighbor, Todman Emmons, 39, when two masked Black men stormed into the bar. For a spilt second, Emmons thought it was a joke. One robber pointed a gun at the barmaid and rushed behind the counter to attack the cash register. The second robber put a gun to Emmon’s head and said, “Give
me your f-------wallet or I’ll blow your
brains out.” Hal drew his .40-caliber and shot the second one in the head. While he was falling to the floor, the first robber, terrified and in a panic, ran out the back door. The whole robbery attempt had lasted only seconds.
Police arrived and arrested Hal McKinney and took the wounded robber, later identified as Joseph Person, 19, to the hospital. Police found the other robber, Demeico Hester, 19, hiding in an air-conditioning duct in the coin laundry next to Junkers.
Hal was booked and jailed on charges of felonious assault and carrying a gun in a liquor establishment (Ohio doesn’t have a concealed-carry law). His mug shot was plastered all over local TV and in the newspaper. No photos of the two robbers were shown. Hal didn’t get a bond hearing until three days later. His friends at Junker’s eventually were able to bail him out.
Hester and Persons were each booked on aggravated robbery and other charges. They face up to 53 years in prison. Both are from Cincinnati’s Walnut Hills neighborhood, which was once a nice place to live but is now a Black hellhole of crime. Hester’s criminal record includes a felony conviction for trafficking in cocaine. As a convicted
‘Hal McKinney saved our lives’
The three customers in Junker’s tavern, besides Hal McKinney, and all say Hal saved their lives. Another person in Junker’s was the 68-year-old barmaid, who has not made a public statement. One of the robbers put a gun to Todman Emmons’ head and threatened to kill him.
14 ZEIjunberbolt September 2003
felon, he faces an additional weapons charge. Mr. Person previously had been charged but not yet tried on two misdemeanor counts.
County prosecutor, Mike Allen, pushed the grand jury to indict Hal McKinney, but on 16 May the grand jury threw out all charges. That must have been a relief for Allen because the Cincinnati radio talk shows were buzzing with pro-McKinney sentiment. Persons did not die, and so the “Black community” did not get worked up. Mike Allen, as many readers will recall, is the sniveling White shyster who refused to indict any Blacks on hate charges in Cincinnati’s 2001 race riots.
Cincinnati media still can’t bring itself to say the truth—that Hal McKinney is a hero. When he drew his pistol, he could have been gunned down, but the language and actions of the two robbers indicated that they were likely to kill his friends. Hal’s biggest supporters are those whose lives were on the line in Junker’s tavern. They know the score. He may yet face lawsuits and other legal harassment, but he knew all that. Hal McKinney took great and grave risk and survived, y
Goblin guns down four in neighborhood bar
Stan’s Place is a small, neighborhood bar in Evanston, Indiana. On Friday night 10 May 2003 at about 10:45 p.m., only a few customers were in the bar. Co-owners Steven Winnecke, 56, and Barry Rolley, 45, sat quietly talking with two patrons Martha Fraser, 52, and Melony Jones, 37. A young Black man came in, sat down, and began spouting religious gibberish, and getting much louder. When he was asked to leave, the man pulled out a semiautomatic pistol, fired at least eight shots, and ran from the bar. The hail of gunfire mowed down all four. Police have the bar’s surveillance camera tape and say all four were defenseless, had no warning, and no chance to escape.
Steven Winnecke died before an ambulance could get there. Martha Fraser died 3 hours later in the emergency room. Barry Rolley spent ten days in intensive care before he recovered enough to be moved to a regular room. The condition of Melony Jones has not been released but she is expected to survive.
Police arrived minutes after the shooting and—using witness-provided descriptions and a K-9 dog—arrested a suspect just as he was nearing his home. The man was James Elbert Durham, Jr. 25, and the police found a .40-caliber Glock on him. The police in Evansville knew him. He is a habitual troublemaker with a long police record including . several felonies. His convictions include:
1 1966 burglary, 1997 possession of
cocaine near a school, 2002 criminal confinement, and 2002 burglary and resisting an officer. He was most recently released from prison in October 2002.
Since his arrest Durham has spewed his religious venom at the top of his lungs at officers, jailers, and even the judge. He has threatened these same people, whom he calls devils, and says he will kill them. When the judge asked him his name, Durham relied, “My name is the word of God.... You’re going to get it right.”
Police are sure of a conviction, because the eye-witnesses and video tape clearly identifies the killer as Durham. The eight empty .40 casings found in the bar are being checked to see if they match his Glock. Police consider him a suspect in another shooting earlier that same Friday night. Joseph Scales was shot in the neck as he walked on the sidewalk near his home. The empty .40 casings found at that shooting appear to match those found in the bar, but the scientific examination of them is not complete. Mr. Scales will eventfully recover.
Durham’s mother says her boy was previously diagnosed as schizophrenic, and that what he needs is help, not punishment. In jail, Durham refuses to eat anything but bread, and his mother said that at home he eats only bread, fruit, and peanut butter, because that’s what the Bible requires. A medical doctor that was called in by the jailers ordered Durham put on drugs to calm him down. But his mother, sister, and his public defender went to court and got the prescription blocked before he could be given any medicine.
The gun was stolen and Durham’s felony convictions make it illegal for him to possess a firearm anyway. The prosecutor, Stan Levco, won’t seek the death penalty and the public defender will plead his client insane. America is becoming insane. America is deteriorating at an increasingly rapid rate. Whites can’t even go into a quiet neighborhood bar and have a drink on Friday night.
What’s the solution? You can’t lock up all of them. You can’t keep them from getting guns. You can’t keep them all on psychiatric drugs, and they are not going to change, y
Clnmbrrbolt September 2003	15
Serial rapists in the news in April 2003
Neat church-going man specializes in raping old women ages 63-86
If Cincinnati police are correct, Timothy Ferguson, 43, started breaking into old women’s homes and raping them in 1993, when he was 33.
On 24 April, he was charged with six of the attacks—a total of 21 charges for rape, aggravated assault, burglary, and aggravated robbery. The women were age 63 to 86.
Police are still checking for more attacks. He lived out of town for five years, so he may have been raping elsewhere.
Prosecutors describe him as “persistent, violent, and brutal.” In one case, after a victim drove him off, he stood outside her window and fondled himself while he shined a flashlight inside.
He was caught when an officer, who had suspected him, took a cigarette butt that Ferguson dropped. The officer sent in it for a DNA match. Ferguson is described by his shocked neighbors as a neat, Black, church-going man who kept to himself. y
Tyrone Triplett gets 35 years for raping 15-year-old
On 25 April 2003, Mobile County Judge William McDermott sentenced Triplett. He said Triplett had a thing for high school girls and was not fit to live in civilized society. The judge was glad to finally put him out of circulation. The hulking Black tried the same thing on six other high school girls. He used a gun in the case he was convicted of. Triplett acted as his own attorney, y
Homeless serial rapist wanted for raping boys and women
On 26 April, Curtis Allen, 48, was spotted just two days after DNA evidence linked him to at least four rapes in Wilmington, Delaware. Allen is a homeless man who waits for his victims at train and bus stops. He offers to help them with some task. He lures them to a secluded location. The suspect uses a knife or beats his victim before robbing and raping them. His raped a 14-year-old boy on 21 January 2002, and since then he has raped three young women.
Allen is described as a 5’8" Black man with an unkempt, salt-and-pepper beard, discolored teeth and wearing a black wave cap.y
Clemson U’s smiling Black rapist beats co-ed’s face in
At 4:00 a.m. Sunday morning, 27 April 2003, a rapist entered an on-campus apartment of a sleeping student and severely beat her and raped her. She suffered numerous body bruises and extensive facial and head injuries. Police issued a sketch. An unemployed nonstudent, Daryl Eugene Mouring turned himself in on 1 May.y
May rape-murder trial for attack on 87-year-old to follow April conviction of brutal rape of 74-year-old
On 29 April 2003, John Bell Jr. was convicted raping a 110 pound, 74-year-old woman. She was on her way to the polls to vote, when Bell grabbed her and dragged her off into the bushes. He said, “I’m going to rape you, rob you, and kill you.” The old woman screamed, so he punched her in the face as hard as he could. Knowing she was going to die, she continued to scream, and he continued to beat her harder and harder. She even bit him it the ear. After he was done, he left her for dead. She was hospitalized with broken bones and deep bruises on her body and face. By the time she took the stand in April 2003, she was down to 77 pounds, and her eyesight and hearing had deteriorated.
Bell can get as many as 55 years for that conviction and faces a May 2003 trial for the rape-murder of Julia Spanovich, 87, in her home.y
Thin man with cornrows rapes in NYC elevators
The elevator rapist has stuck at least six times so far in 2003. He follows his prey into an elevator, then stops it at a floor, drags the woman into a bathroom or stairwell, and rapes her. Most recently, he raped a 23-year-old aspiring actress on 3 May on her way to acting class. Police describe him as a thin Black man in his mid-20s with his hair in cornrows. y
16 GDbunberbolt September 2003
Police sketch leads to arrest of Black who raped teenagers at gunpoint
On 14 April 2002, Clayton County, Georgia, deputies arrested Raymond Clark, 25, for four Atlanta area rapes of girls ranging in age from 14-18. Clark approached vulnerable looking girls and asked them if they were interested in a modeling or entertainment career. He lured them into his car and then raped them at gunpoint.
He is suspected in the rape of at least one more girl, 15, and the robbery of a 22-year-old woman. Police issued a sketch on 12 April, and on 14 April two people phoned in tips leading to his arrest. y
Columbus, Ohio, slasher rapes 21+ in 13-years
Police are looking for a 5’ 11", 190 pound Black man in his 30s who has raped at least 20 [ages 13 to 42] in Ohio and one in Pomona, California. A six-year gap in his attacks suggests he was also raping elsewhere. He is an expert burglar who takes a knife from the kitchen and has slashed the victim’s throat, though all have survived. Police believe relatives are likely hiding this nocturnal predator. y
Cocoa carpet cleaner arrested: believed to have raped at least 12 women
For six years, central Florida (Cocoa, Cape Canaveral, and Orlando) was terrorized by a serial rapist. He broke into single women’s homes at night, unplugged the phone, and raped the victims, ages 18-50. The rapist left usable fingerprints in at least two of the rapes.
Police finally got a break when they stopped Carlos Romero Rhynes, 42, for a routine traffic violation. Since they knew he had outstanding warrants for possession and sale of cocaine from 2000, they fingerprinted him before releasing him. When his fingerprints went in to the Law Enforcement Database, they matched the prints left in two of the rapes.
Rhynes is a self-employed carpet cleaner, who lives in Cocoa, but during the six years of the serial rapes he moved in and out of Broward County. Thus, police are also checking for possible links to rapes in Jacksonville, Georgia, and
Oklahoma.
At his first hearing 1 May 2003, officials said they believe he is a professional burglar who is only a part-time rapist, y
Hillsborough rapist strikes 5 times in 48 days in 2003
The Hillsborough, Florida sheriffs office appealed for help in catching a rapist who drags women off the street or forces his way into their homes. He is a 5’10”, 175 pound Black with plaited hair. He attacked five women in the period 21 February to 10 April 2003. His attacks have occurred from 1.45 a.m. to 4:10 p.m.y
Fatherly-type fat Black rapes in rural locations
On 24 April 2003, the Prince Georges County Sheriff’s Department released a sketch of a serial rapist and warned all women in southern Maryland and DC to stay in at night. The rapist is described as a 5’6", fat, middle-age, fatherly-type Black man with an overbite and a gap between his teeth.
The rapes that police know about started in 1996 and continue to the present, but there have been several time gaps in the rapes.
The rapist drove at least seven different vehicles in his ten known rapes and rape attempts. He lures women—age 17-50—into his vehicle or forces them in at gunpoint. Then he drives them 25 miles out into very rural areas and rapes them. Some women have fought him and escaped from his vehicle, y
150 burglaries in 4 months masks Raleigh serial rapist
Raleigh, NC, police admit burglars are out of control with 150 attacks in the first four months of 2003. Burglars either enter through an unlocked window or simply smash their way though deadbolts. One of the burglars is a serial rapist described as a 6’ 1", slender Black with large eyes. His most recent rape was on 5 April 2003. y
QTfiunbcrbolt September 2003	17
There has never been a U.S. gangster more ruthless, brutal, and clever than Moe Dalitz. Unlike the non-Jews, who got their names in the paper almost daily, Dalitz was the boss of the “Silent Syndicate.” Hundreds died before the guns of his hired killers.
Moe Dalitz
Morris Barney Dalitz (1899-1989). Moe Dalitz, who stood only 5’3", became a high ranking member of Detroit’s Purple gang, a Jewish gang started in Detroit’s Hastings Street quarter, “Little Jerusalem.” The Purples started before prohibition and engaged in gambling, white slavery, extortion, and loan-sharking. Dalitz became an admiral in “the Little Jewish Navy,” which ferried booze across the Detroit River from Canada.
Moving across Lake Erie to Cleveland, Dalitz joined three other Jews—Louis Rothkopf, Morris Kleinman, and Samuel Tucker—in what became known as the Cleveland Four, or “Silent Syndicate.” They started in Cleveland’s Woodland Jewish ghetto. Dalitz, the boss of the
Mayfield Road Mob, a group of killers, became the dominant member.
The Cleveland Four ran so much illegal booze across Lake Erie that it became known as “the Jewish Lake.” They used the most modern speedboats, vehicles, weapons, and radios. They bought many officials, politicians, judges, prosecutors, and police, and they hired the finest legal talent available. They killed or drove out competing mobsters—including the Porella brothers and the Lonardo family—and expanded into West Virginia, Kentucky, and Indiana.
Dalitz was one of the original partners in the Flamingo Casino [in Las Vegas] along with Meyer Lansky (also a Jew). Lansky was the most powerful gangster in America—Jew, Sicilian, or Italian.
The Flamingo was finished. By June 1947, it was making huge profits. On June 20, 1947, Dalitz and Lansky had their Jewish, Las Vegas partner, Bugsy Siegel, killed.
In 1949, Dalitz and his Cleveland partners moved their headquarters to Las Vegas, took over the Desert Inn and became known as the “Desert Syndicate.” They took over or bought other Las Vegas casinos, which became fronts for the mob. Soon Dalitz was called the “Godfather of Las Vegas,” the most powerful syndicate man there.
In 1982, Forbes Magazine listed his net worth as $ 110 million.
In 1985, the ADL (Jewish Anti-Defamation League) awarded Dalitz their coveted “Torch of Liberty” award.
[Dalitz died of natural causes in 1989.]y
“Democracy” is a crock
“Will of the people,” is just a lie that fools repeat. Consider one example-immigration.
A recent Roper poll showed that the majority (58%) want legal immigration cut by two-thirds. Fully 85% think illegal immigration is a serious problem, and 85% want illegals detained, stripped of all their property and deported.
But not a congressman or Senator is for any of that. The politicians that you voted for are a bunch of liars, hypocrites, and worms.
They don’t give a hoot what you think. That’s because the media decides who gets nominated and who gets elected. If a politician actually took some real action against immigration, he would be slaughtered by the media for being racist.
Politicians may give lip service to your demands to control immigration, but their lips are wrapped around the toes of the media and sucking as hard as they can.y
“We’re going to whoop us a White bitch”
A White woman, Nicole Bilbo, living in San Angelo, Texas, broke up with her Black boyfriend. According to police he asked his three female cousins to beat Bilbo up.
On 4 May 2003, the three sisters— Joann Miller, 21, Nina Miller, 22, and Catrina Miller, 30 cornered Bilbo in Martin Luther King Park. Bilbo tried to get away and said she didn’t want any problems. But the three attacked her and beat her with their hands. Then they beat her in the head with their heavy wooden clogs. Bilbo’s face was so bloody she couldn’t see. Joann Miller broke a beer bottle on the ground and stabbed Bilbo in the face with the jagged end of the bottle.
A witness heard one of the sisters say, “We’re going to whoop us a White bitch.”
The prosecutor says he’s going ahead with hate crime charges. If so it will be a very rare prosecution. [I would be willing to bet the hate crime charge will be dropped—Editor]. The hate crime law was the one passed after unemployed, Black ex-convict James Byrd was dragged to death by three Whites near Jasper, Texas, in 1998.X
Israelis demand that the U.S. release Pollard
On 4 June 2003, 4,000 Jews demonstrated at the “Western Wall” in Jerusalem demanding that the U.S. release convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard. Pollard, a Navy intelligence analyst, was convicted of selling Top Secrets to Israel. Reportedly, they included nuclear targeting information, which Israel then traded to the Soviet Union. Pollard has served 18 years in prison and even famed Jewish lawyer Alan Dershowitz has been unable to free him. President Clinton, under pressure from Israel planned to pardon Pollard but was forced to back down. Pollard remains on the payroll of the Israeli government.
18 Cijunberbolt September 2003
Blacks 450% as likely as Whites to be arrested for lynching in SC
money
SMARTS
intermarriage
ISRAEL.
OCNOER
schmoozing
GENTILES GUILT REX STEREO! YHES ENEMIES
The Private Conversation a nr American Jews J o a Hi ii a 11 a 11> i* r * ( u hi , Pit. D .
Book Review Part 1:
Promiscuous Jews Schmoozing: The Private Conversations of Jews
Professor Halberstam gives us the true picture of Jews and sex, not the picture that Jews have painted of themselves using the movie and TV industries, which they control.
He provides solid evidence that Jews are the most promiscuous group and that a they have more sex partners than any other group. He even brags that Jews have ^ more sex partners than Blacks. That’s a very shocking fact.
In fact, Halberstam cites statistics suggesting that fully 64% of Jews are outright whores or the male equivalent.
He cites Rabbi Eliezer, a prominent scholar on Jewish law (the Halacha) as saying the frequency of sex is mandated by God. Wealthy men should have sex once a day, laborers twice a week, and camel drivers only once a month. No wonder Jews are so promiscuous. Most of them are wealthy. As for laborers, far less than 1% of Jews in the U.S. have blue-collar jobs. In fact, Jews abhor physical labor and those that perform it. Leave it for the Goyin (Gentiles).
This is the first part of a book review on Joshua Halberstam’s Schmoozing: The Private Conversations of Jews, published by Perigee in 1997 [part of the Berkley Publishing/Penguin Putnam group]. Dr. Halberstam is a professor at Columbia University, and he is a Jew.y
Freedom is not free.
President Truman forced South Carolina to pass an anti-lynching law after a Black was “lynched” in 1947. A White cab driver was stabbed to death and robbed by Willie Earle, a Black. The next day a mob of White men dragged Earle from jail, and he was later discovered beaten, stabbed, and shot in the face. Police charged 31 Whites, but all were acquitted.
The new 1947 SC law defined a lynching as “any act of violence by two or more people against another,” but did not mention race. It punished any group who attacked an individual.
You may have heard the old children’s rhyme, “Two against one is nigger babies’ fun.” As you might guess, the ones who gang up on some poor individual are more often Blacks.
In recent years in Greenville County, Blacks were 18% of the population but were charged with 47% of the lynchings. In Oconee County,
Blacks were 5% of the population but were charged with 44% of the lynchings.
Statewide, a Black is 4.5 times as likely as a White to be arrested for lynching.
For minors it’s even worse. In 2002, SC police charged 231 Black juveniles with lynching, ten times more than the number for White juveniles, and there are far fewer Blacks.
1848 painting, “Judge Lynch,” in which angry gold miners corner a killer and give him the justice he is due.
Needless to say, Blacks are outraged and want the law changed. Kamau Marcharia is angry because his son, Ramon, got arrested for lynching. All Ramon and three other Black 13-year-old boys did was to comer a White boy and beat the tar out of him.
Then there was the case in 1994 where Kevin Garnett, who later went on to be an NBA basketball star, and four other Blacks attacked a White boy, and among other things, broke his ankle.
There is also the case in 1997 where a mob of Black high school students using steel pipes and trash cans beat a 3 5-year-old white man into coma. One of them had said, “Yeah, we’re going to get us a White boy.” The man did survive but had to have part of his damaged brain removed.
“The law has outlived its purpose,” cry SC Blacks and their White protectors. If you don’t have a tree and a rope you can’t have a lynching, Blacks say. But they forget that murderer Willie Earle, who started it all, wasn’t hung from a tree either.
You can be sure that the lynch law will be repealed. As you know, Blacks are rarely charged with a hate crime while prosecutors find any excuse to charge Whites with one. Why should lynching be any different?y
Subscribe to
Clmitberbolt
Today!
Your other magazines will gather dust while your Cljunherbolt will be read and reread. See page 3 for details.
Tom Heath was lynched on a telegraph pole in old Tombstone, Arizona. Like almost all lynching “victims” this White deserved it.
QTbunberbolt September 2003	19
Update: Somali Invasion of the U.S
Somali students attack American Indians
Minneapolis and St. Paul opened their loving, liberal arms to thousands of Somali “refugees.” At Sanford middle school in Minneapolis the 200 Somali students are bullying and attacking American Indian students. Every day Somalis threaten to kill the Indians. They beat Indians and throw them down stairs.
Despite repeated stories in the local media, the school claims it’s not a problem, while they admit it’s spreading to other schools. White parents are complaining quietly, because if they complain publicly about the Somalis like the Indians do, they will be accused of racism.
Both the Republicans (George Bush) and the Democrats (Bill Clinton) support bringing in these fake refugees. The Somalis are lazy, brutal, and clannish. They will form another set of gangs to compete with the Bloods, Crips, and the Asian, Mexican, and Puerto Rican gangs. Eventually these gangs will drive most of the Whites not only out of the Twin Cities but out of the suburbs as well.X
yyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyy
More Somali violence in Britain
British police are hot on the trail of Mohamoud Mahad, a refugee from Somalia, who has at least three aliases. Mahad is wanted for murdering a man in Cardiff, and is believed hiding in London among Somali immigrants.
London police also report assaults on women and fights between Somalis and other Blacks over crack.
Yesterday’s tribal AK-47 warrior in Somalia will be tomorrow’s gang-banger in Britain or the U.S. M
Somali Bantu woman with child waits for airlift to the U.S.
AIDS growing at 40% per year among U.S. Somalis
Somali refugees in Minnesota, like all Blacks, are extremely promiscuous. While they claim to be “very religious” the AIDS epidemic among U.S. Somalis, as with all Black African immigrants, is exploding. AIDS is chiefly transmitted by sluts and homos having unnatural sex. A liberal White woman with the Minnesota Department of Health says it will take twenty years of repeated AIDS prevention messages to have an effect. Apparently, she hopes to have better luck with Somalis than with Blacks bom in the U.S.y
yyyyyyyyyyyy
Tire iron Somali rapist arrested in Maine
On 8 May 2003, Police swooped down on a U.S. Job Corp camp in Maine and arrested a Somali refugee, Abdilahi Abdi, for rape and repeated threatening with a tire iron.
Addi is not a citizen. He got into the U.S. because his relatives in Virginia sponsored him. Police discovered that he has multiple sets of Social Security numbers and identification. He claims to be a black belt in karate, but prefers a tire iron for his rapes.M
Somali leader in the U.S. is an illegal
Judge Joseph Deierkes lowered the bond of Omar Jamal to $6,500 so that he can be released pending hearings to deport him to Canada.
Immigration officials say Jamal came to the U.S. in 1991, claiming to be seeking asylum. However, he has lied about his tribal background on various immigration papers he filed in the U.S. and Canada.
Homeland Security Department lawyer Richard Soli told Judge Deierkes that Jamal has displayed “a profound contempt of asylum laws.”
Jamal founded the Somali Justice Advocacy Center after moving to Minnesota in 1999.
In cooperation with federal, state, and local politicians Jamal has been instrumental in settling thousands of Somalis in U.S. cities, including Portland, Minneapolis, and Lewiston, Maine.
The Somalis are proving to be just another gang of criminals and welfare recipients. What caused the federal government to turn on Jamal so suddenly is not apparent. M
Somalis in St. Cloud demand FBI protection
The FBI is sending a team to St. Cloud, Minnesota, to investigate three incidents of racist messages on Somali mosques. The FBI also wants to make sure that the Somalis are not assisting terrorist groups. In 2001, the FBI investigated several Minnesota Somali money transfer shops for possible ties to the 9-11 terror attacks but no arrests were made.y
20 tEljunberbolt September 2003
May 2003: Bush orders airlift to bring an additional 12,000 Somali Bantu tribesman to the U.S.
Bush orders airlift
The Bantus lost their war with neighboring tribes in Somalia and thus are refugees. President Bush is ordering the airlift to bring them to 50 U.S. cities including places like Milwaukee and Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
All Somalis that come into the U.S. are immediately placed on welfare. However, some are soon given lucrative positions with various welfare agencies to oversee welfare handouts to their people. Once in the U.S., many Bantus move to cities that have the best welfare and the most gullible politicians such as Clarkston, Georgia and Columbus, Ohio.
p,	This is a class of Bantus preparing to
immigrate to the U.S. Note that 100% of them are young males. They don’t speak English or know anything about living in a civilized country. If Blacks bom in the U.S. can’t fit in, why would anyone think \ that these Somalis can? y
yyyyyyyyyyyy
Black not Arab
The Somalis are not Arabs. They were dragged out of Blackest Africa two centuries ago by their Black brothers and sold to the Arabs as slaves. The Arabs eventually freed them and they remained. Most Somalis are Muslims and the FBI has been watching them in several states for their links to the 9-11 terrorist network. The U.S. already has 38+ million descendents of freed slaves. y
Denver Post welcomes new wave of Bantu invasion
On 24 May 2003, the Denver Post ran a major editorial welcoming the spearhead of the new 12,000 strong Bantu invasion, which hit Denver on 22 May. They need to come here because they were unable to compete and have been slaves of other Africans for 200 years.
The Post hailed that it is especially wonderful to add such a “colorful culture” to Denver. None of the Bantu Somalis can speak English. They’ll fit in nicely in the Denver schools, the Post noted, and they will all be on welfare. The Post said there are another 15 million “oppressed people throughout the world” that need the same help.
The editors of the Denver Post were too lazy to even write their own editorial. Most of it was plagiarized from a document issued 19 May 2003 by the Church World Service.
In Denver, St. Francis Cabrini Catholic Church is the sponsor for the Bantus. The Catholic Church has been hit especially hard in the homosexual priest pedophile scandal. That must be the reason the Denver Post neglected to mention the Catholic’s sponsorship.
Other Post articles said that the newly arriving Somalis get a nice three bedroom, carpeted home, complete with all the modem conveniences. There is even a swimming pool right outside the door. They get bus passes, medical coverage, and $800 per month cash.
Denver anthropologist, Peter Van Arsdale is taking a special interest in the new Bantus. Perhaps he looks forward to no more hot summers while studying racially inferior people in some godforsaken place. He can now study them right in Denver. The Bantus are at the bottom of the peoples in East Africa.
Most Somalis have to be taught how to use a toilet. In the “colorful culture” of the Bantus they use their hand without a paper or other covering device. y
Mainstream Christian churches behind new Bantu debacle
In Casablanca they said, “Round up the usual group of suspects.” Assisting the Somali invasion of Phoenix are the Lutherans, Catholics, and Congregation-alists. If you attend a mainstream church, your church is involved in a non-White immigration scheme of one kind or another. To be sure, there are others behind this invasion: Blacks, Jews, and liberals in general, but only the White churches are helping the Federal government bankroll this disaster. Only White Christians are gullible enough to do the bidding of the Blacks, Jews, and liberals, and to pay their bills, y
Somalis enjoying a free lunch in Columbus, Ohio. Columbus’ politicians must be some of the most stupid or most corrupt in the U.S. The Bantus are rushing to take advantage of the open-arms liberal welfare policies.
yyyyyyyyyyyy
NC Somalis demand S100K
On 20 April 2003, Charlotte, NC, media reported that Somali refuges there are demanding an additional $100,000 from the city to help them maintain their separate culture. The economy is beginning to sour, they claim, and they’ll have to leave if they don’t get more aid. y
Chimb rrbolt September 2003	21
The Manning terror: the Anthony Woods story
Anthony Woods, now 37, of Manning, South Carolina, got out of prison in 2001 after being convicted of 12 car break-ins and auto theft. He served only a year of his five-year sentence. But when 30% to 50% of Black males are convicted felons you cannot lock them all up. Woods mostly stole cell phones and other items like purses, guns, and binoculars in his auto break-ins. They were in the neighborhood of JoAnn DuBose, and one of the cars he burglarized was hers.
On 27 May 2003, someone broke into a home and raped and robbed an 84-year-old woman who has not been publicly identified. This was in the Home Branch community near Manning.
On 9 June 2003, someone broke the glass in the back door of JoAnn DuBose’s Manning home, unhooked the safety chain, and attacked her. Her brutally strangled body was found by a friend who came to check on her. The 54-year-old fifth grade teacher had last been seen walking her little dachshund, Dee Dee, in her neighborhood on the night she was killed.
On 12 June, someone smashed his way into the Manning home of another 84-year-old woman, Elizabeth Taylor. Fortunately Mrs. Taylor’s daughter, Linda, 58, was staying with her mom that night. Linda grabbed her mother’s cane and yelled, “Mother, call 911.” Then, she attacked the home invader with the cane and was finally able to drive him off.
The Manning police were still at Miss DuBose’s home helping state crime lab personnel, when Mrs. Taylor’s call was received at 911. The police immediately headed to the Taylor residence and put out a call for all available personnel to help. Hearing the reports on their police radios and scanners, some were already on their way. Cops from neighboring small towns, highway patrol, off duty cops, sheriff’s deputies, and even game wardens raced to Manning. That’s the way it is in rural America—the same way it was 200 years ago.
Blood hounds chased a suspect into a wooded section of Manning. He soon headed back into the built-up area where he could delay the dogs by jumping fences. The suspect was zigzagging through Manning to evade the hounds and find a hole in the police lines surrounding a 20 block area. And there were still plenty of holes. Officers plugged them as soon as they arrived on the scene. One off-duty officer arrived to plug a hole just 20 seconds before the suspect tried to escape the quickly developing police lines. Trapped between the pursuing officers with the bloodhounds and the newly arrived cop, the suspect was captured.
He was Anthony Woods, and he was badly bruised and cut from smashing into the Taylor house, fighting with Linda Taylor, and running blindly through the night. At that time, the police only knew they had a suspect in the Taylor home invasion, but they hoped they finally had a break in the other cases.
Armed with search warrants, the police searched Taylor’s shanty and an abandoned home where he was also known to sleep. Items stolen from the 27 May robbery and rape, and from Miss DuBose’s home were discovered in both of Woods’ residences. Anthony Woods has since been charged with all three home invasions and evidence discovered in the houses may lead police to charge Woods with other unsolved crimes. Police say he obtained items only of small value in the three home invasions.,*'
JoAnn DuBose was born the daughter of a dirt poor sharecropper, who taught his children to work hard and to take control of their futures. She managed to get a college education and become a teacher. She remained single, took care of her elderly mother, and was devoted to her job and her nieces and nephews and to their children.
She taught for 32 years and had recently moved to a neighborhood in Manning where she thought it was safer. She loved children, gardening, and her dachshund. If a neighbor was in the hospital she mowed their lawn.
Miss DuBose was the kind of teacher who children loved, and they said she would brighten up any room she walked into. Most of you have had that kind of dedicated teacher, the kind of woman who built our future by bettering our lives.
Police say she was strangled to death by Anthony Woods for a few dollars and possessions she had in her modest home.,*'
Are your friends and neighbors prepared for a home invasion? Do they even realize how real the threat is?
22 ®bunberbolt September 2003
Beautiful blond businesswoman battles brutal baboons
On 5 May 2003, Christy Laing had just returned to her house in Roswell, Georgia, from a business trip to Las Vegas with her employee and roommate Karen ^ Minshew. Her boyfriend, Jay Monroe, ■ took her to the store to restock her W groceries, while Minshew took a shower. When they returned home, they were confronted by three Blacks who had invaded with guns.
The intruders screamed, “Get down.
(It’s the police.” While her boyfriend complied, Christy maneuvered to get a look at the invaders and demanded to see their badges. A big burly one, probably suspect #2, took her upstairs and beat her and demanded money. She gave him all her money and jewelry, but still the beast said, “That’s not enough. This is your life, girl.” Then he said, “I’m taking you to a H holding place.”
Laing knew that her life was on the me. The big ape put a T-shirt over her Kd and dragged her downstairs and into ^he garage toward a car trunk. Although she couldn’t see, Christie put up the best fight she could, but the big animal bully knocked her down and savagely beat her and choked her, leaving cuts and bruises on her face and bruises on her neck. Then he and another home invader, presumably suspect #1, dumped her in the trunk of her BMW. The kidnappers put Monroe and Miss Minshew in the trunk of another of her three cars. With one brute driving each of the three vehicles, they started away.
Christy never gave up. She unlatched the trunk from inside and tumbled out the back. The burley ape who had beat her was driving the vehicle immediately
behind the BMW. Before the hateful animal could run her over, she ran off the road, escaped to a neighbor’s house, and called the police. A witness, who could identify the kidnappers, had escaped. Now the Blacks dared not rape and murder the other two Whites. The criminals left the two in the trunk and abandoned the car, which wasn’t found until the next morning. They both survived.
Badly bruised, cut, and sore, Christy Laing fought and survived. She probably not only saved herself from being raped and murdered but also saved the other two as well. Further, her maneuvering allowed her to see the Blacks’ faces, while Monroe’s and Minshew’s passive actions prevented them from seeing the criminals. The sketches you see above are the direct result of her bravery.
No one is safe in a land where stupid, brutal animals are allowed to run free. This is especially true of rich, beautiful White women. Christie Curry Laing is the sister of Buddy Curry who was an Atlanta Falcons linebacker. Monroe is an heir to the Monroe calculator fortune. Christie’s house cost about $500,000, and she is in the apartment leasing business. Police believe there may be a fourth criminal who Laing did not see. M
Before Black rule, White South Africans used guns to protect themselves from home invasion, murder, and rape. Now as many as 12 men with AK-47s attack a home at once.
Fatal home invasion
Joseph Grant, 48, lived in a secluded neighborhood of Christina, Delaware, with his wife and an elderly relative. He operated a music recording studio in his home, and many of his clients were “hip hop” bands, who usually paid cash as their credit was no good. His music recording equipment is said to be expensive.
On the night of 24 June 2003 at 11:00 p.m., someone rang the doorbell and Grant’s wife went to answer the door. A man waving a handgun forcibly charged into the house. Mrs. Grant wrestled with him, and the gun went off, perhaps wounding him. Mr. Grant rushed into the room to help his wife, but the invader shot him in the torso. The intruder ran back out the door and Mrs. Grant called 911. The paramedics were unable to revive Mr. Grant and he was declared dead on arrival.
Police searched the neighborhood, even using a helicopter but the killer had escaped. They describe the suspect as an African-American in his late 20s to early 30s, with a large upper lip, and a thin mustache, and last wearing a zipper-type gray sweatshirt. m
yyyyyyyyyyyy
GTbunberbolt September 2003	23
Under-Reported News You May Have Missed
Bush kisses HIV-positive princess from Zambia
George Bush is doing everything he can to get his $ 15 billion AIDS for Africa foreign aid bill passed. The above photo shows him kissing Princess Zulu of Zambia, who is exceptionally ugly as well as HIV-positive. Bush said only 20% of the population in Zambia has AIDS while 40% of those in Botswana have it.
Although Bush touts his massive giveaway as a “global” AIDS program most of it will go to southern African countries and none to the U.S.
Bush’s plan assumes Black Africans can adopt abstinence, monogamy, and condoms. Bar-bara Lee, a Black U.S.
Congress-woman says he is wrong. She said sexual customs vary.
The people in Africa already know what causes AIDS that’s why African men are raping little girls (as young as 3 and 4) and goats to avoid AIDS.
Editoral—Bush apparently doesn’t understand that whether Blacks live in Minnesota, Haiti, London, or the Congo, that by White standards, Blacks are a race of rapists and whores. Many Black men are omni-sexual, meaning that they will have sex with anything—old women, baby girls, other men, or goats. In fact, Black sex with monkeys may be the origin of AIDS. Politically Correct scientists are now trying to advance the theory that hunters eating raw flesh or drinking the blood of freshly killed monkeys may be the origin of AIDS in humans, y
Epidemic of Democrats kissing Blacks: Bob Graham kisses Carol Moseley Braun
Apparently kissing babies doesn’t get many votes these days. Democratic presidential hopefuls are kissing every Black they can get their hands on. The News wires are saturated with pictures of candidates kissing Blacks from Vermont to South Carolina to Missouri.
Senator Bob Graham even kissed former Senator Carol Moseley Braun. Both are presidential hopefuls. While Blacks make up only 13% of the U.S. population, they comprise 25% of Democrats.
Readers may recall how George Bush had meetings behind closed-doors with the homosexual clique in the Republican Party in 2000. Republicans call their queer branch “log cabin” Republicans. Bush’s goal was keep these gay men in his “big tent” and to establish contact on their common “interests.” y
This Australian aborigine is wearing a colorful pencil in his nose, a common practice for respected aborigine elders and leaders.
Police: illegal Moroccan rapes Oklahoma co-ed
On 19 April 2003, two University of Central Oklahoma co-eds met three male students in the rec hall at a game of pool. Police say one of the males—a foreign student from Morroco, Hicham Taouil, 24—followed one of the girls to her dorm room and raped her. The INS also wants Taouil.
UCO is located in Edmond, OK, just north of Oklahoma City. The campus prides itself on cultural diversity and has numerous alien students, many of them illegals.
The university has an active anti-rape program, but some women on campus call UCO the rape capital of Oklahoma and say that UCO has tried to cover-up rapes including this one.y
yyyyyyyyyyyy
yyyyyyyyyyyy

	m
	
	
	
	*«4jL, 1
	
	
	
	
Some people mistakenly think that marijuana smoking is a White habit and crime. In fact, Blacks are heavily into pot smoking and distribution.
This photo shows a Black in London, England, at a conference where he was advocating smoking pot. English gentlemen are not what they used to be.y
24 tEfyunberbolt September 2003
Can you pick the serial rapist out of this lineup?


1 September 2002
James Brown pardoned
Gun rights restored to “model citizen” who invaded a seminar with a shotgun, led police on a high speed chase, and was convicted of aggravated assault on a police officer.
New Orleans police believe that all three of these sketches are of the same man who is responsible for at least 4 rapes on South Carrollton Avenue. All his known rapes so far are of middle aged women in their homes. His most recent attack was on 16 May 2003. He sometimes steals any money he can find. y
In an outrageous act the South Carolina parole board granted James Brown, 75, a pardon for all his crimes in that state. Brown is the self-proclaimed “godfather of soul” and a virtual god to Blacks. He has a long history of violence and using weapons to threaten or attack people including his wife, a power company repairman, a police officer, and a group of seminar participants. Brown’s favorite weapons include guns, knives, and vehicles for running down people. At least three attacks on his wife have been documented; she died during extensive cosmetic surgery before he could be tried for the final assault. He has an extensive history of drug use from marijuana to painkillers to PCP. He was caught trying to smuggle $260,743 into the U.S., allegedly profits from overseas performances, and he once posed as a government agent. Before his 1988 arrest, he led police officers on a high-speed, dangerous chase for 30 minutes before they shot the tires out of his vehicle. He was convicted of aggravated assault on a police officer and weapons charges. He served only 15 months of a six-year sentence.
James Brown is a just a typical Black, who happened to earn millions with his atrocious singing, strutting, and butt wiggling. Far worse than Brown are those Whites on the SC parole board who pardoned him.y
HIV-positive teacher rapes 6 second grade boys
On 7 April 2003, second grade teacher Milton McFarlane from Poughkeepsie, NY was sentenced to 10 years. It was for rape, sodomy, sexual abuse, child pornography, and reckless endangerment of six boys ages 7-9. McFarlane first tested positive for the AIDS virus in 1995.
McFarlane got a light sentence when he should never again have seen the light of day.
Another light sentence was given on the same day to a Jew in the same school district. Mark Levy, 31, was convicted of rape involving a 15-year-old girl. He was sentenced to six months of weekends in jail. The judge commended Levy for having overcome a drug addiction and later getting a teaching degree. Apparently, the judge thinks ex-drug addicts make fine teachers, y
Big Catalog of Books & Tapes
Contains all types of books of interest to White patriots. Books on race; White philosophy; ancient history; modern history; racial science and sociology; communism, feminism, and the Jews; fiction; military manuals; and even children’s books. Also includes audio cassettes, videos, leaflets, and information about the National Alliance. Get connected to the information and the people you’ve been looking for. Send for our 96-page catalog.
Send $3.00 cash, check, or MO to National Vanguard Books PO Box 330 TB Hillsboro WV 24946
Cannibal Update
Cannibals face “justice” in modern Indonesia
Sumanto, accused cannibal, fights with police in court
On 24 April 2003, a cannibal, whose only name is Sumanto, went on trial in central Java. The next day police arrested a second cannibal in west Palu.
Sumanto has confessed to killing and eating two people and to digging up the corpse of an 81 -year-old woman and using a filet knife to carve her up. Some of the meat he shared with his father in a stew. Sumanto’s goal was to eat seven people, the number necessary to obtain magical powers. When police raided his hut, they found human skulls and bones, and body parts arranged to be eaten.
Doctors examined him and declared him mentally sound. His defense lawyer said that what he did isn’t even a crime under Indonesian law. Sumanto sold movie rights for 5,000,000 rupiah, but that is only $560 U.S. dollars. His arrest and trial became a major media event. He was convicted and sentenced to five years.
West Palu villagers caught the second cannibal unwrapping the burial shroud of a dead baby that he had just dug up.//
1st offender cannibal-murderer gets 15 years
In April 2003, the Lobatse High Court sentenced Thapelo Mokhai to 15 years in prison. He claimed that he and his girl friend came to blows when she wanted him to pay for an abortion.
While she was still alive, he cut off part of her clitoris, eating some and putting the rest in his wallet. He then stabbed her to death. Police found the flesh in his wallet and lab tests proved it was from her. Court doctors declared that he was sane at the time of the killing.
Mokhai explained to the court that in his tribe they believe that if you kill someone you must eat part of them to prevent them from haunting you. The judge understood and said that since Mokhai was a first offender, 15 years was the correct sentence. y
Congolese cannibals go on Pygmy binge
On 22 May 2003, Congolese Pygmies demanded that the UN stop neighboring tribesmen from hunting, killing, cooking, and eating Pygmies. In one documented incident at least a dozen Pygmies were cooked and eaten, but the toll could run into the hundreds or thousands. Other reports say that body parts are being sold in open markets and numerous corpses have been found with the heart and lungs ripped out. The current holocaust in the Congo is one of about two dozen occurring in Africa.
To stop the slaughter, Kofi Annan demanded that France send an emergency force to the Congo to stop the fighting. Apparently, Annan believes that short Blacks should not be cannibalized and that only Whites can restore order among the savages, y
Lagos, Nigeria cannibalism
On 14 March 2003, a major paper in Britain, the Guardian, ran a story on a cannibal in Lagos, Nigeria. Clifford Oiji confessed to selling body parts to rich Nigerians in the major city of Lagos. Body parts that he could not sell he ate himself. Police found skulls and bones in his hideout. Cannibals are rarely prosecuted in Nigeria. y
8.000	cannibals disarmed
According to AllAfrica Global Media,
8.000	Mayi-Mayi cannibals were disarmed by Katanga forces in February 2003. The UN Mission in the Congo had confirmed cannibalism there. In addition, the warriors had paraded though villages “wearing dried genital organs of their victims,” and were “walking around with human heads on the ends of their spears” to intimidate villagers. Chief Makabe paraded with “a dried infant around his neck.”
Katanga officials got the Mayi-Mayi to disarm them by trading motorcycles, bicycles, salt, and used clothing, for their machineguns and other military weapons, y
Black rap star enjoys African delicacy
They said Big Lurch (real name Antron Singleton) would be the next rap superstar. He had everything going for him: an extensive criminal record and song lyrics teeming with murder, rape, and cannibalism. He moved from Texas to Los Angeles to record an album. Under the influence of drugs, his inhibitions were overcome and he tortured, killed, and ate part of his live-in lover Tynisha Ysaus, 21.
Police found him stark naked in the street, staggering and covered in blood. Apparently, he ripped her lungs out of her chest and ate parts of them. Doctors found teeth marks on her face and on pieces of her lung. A medical examination of Big Lurch found parts of her lungs in his stomach. Big Lurch has not been tried yet and remains in jail.
In April 2003, Tynisha Ysaus’ mother sued Suge Knight and others claiming they had provided Big Lurch with drugs and encouraged him to be violent so that his “music” would be more marketable. Knight, head of Death Row Records and a super-mogul in the rap industry, denied any connection to Big Lurch. David Chesnoff, Knight’s Jewish lawyer, forced the Ysaus forces to drop Knight from the lawsuit and apologize, y
Suge Knight, exonerated in LA cannibalism case. Shown here in handcuffs, this Black music mogul has a long and violent police record.
26 Wjunberbolt September 2003
Who painted “Nig” on Black sheriff’s Jacksonville campaign headquarters?
The recent race for mayor of Jacksonville, Florida, pitted Black Sheriff Nat Glover against a White businessman John Peyton. Peyton is a rich boy who works for his dad, and Glover is a Black whose main qualification is that he was a good football player.
On 4 May 2003, someone spray painted “racist” graffiti on Glover’s campaign office and on a sign belonging to his White campaign manager. The graffiti was mostly the word “Nig” or “No Nig.” A witness reported to police that he saw two Black men running away after the graffiti had been painted. But the way the two candidates and the media reacted you’d think a White mob with torches had burned Glover’s campaign headquarters and dragged him out and decorated a tree with his carcass.
Glover, who is the Sheriff, declared it a “hate crime” and a “despicable” act and said, “[This] is consistent with what we know Jacksonville to be about. There Efcsome extremists in this city who will Keep us apart racially.” lie White candidate, Peyton, offered In the building and offered a
fH^)00 reward to catch the racists. He ^Kianded that the perpetrators be brought to justice.
INAACP went ballistic, with Ihlin declaring it a “hateful” act I that “we still have a long way lace relations.
Imedia carried the story complete Kvo men running away from the We of the crime, but most of them
neglected to mention that the men were Black. The story was picked up nationally and by some British papers, all of whom said something to the effect that “the old racism of the South is still rearing its ugly head.”
The U.S. Justice Department rushed five roving voting rights monitors to Jacksonville to make sure the Jacksonville Black population, which is only 15% of the total, did not get cheated at the polls.
Peyton, as expected, won the election. He appointed Glover to his transition team, and is making race relations a major focus of his administration.
It was Nat Glover’s own Sheriff’s department that took responsibility for the investigation and catching the perpetrators of the dastardly deed. Somehow the investigation didn’t go anywhere. Sketches of the suspects were never released, and perhaps not even made. The case is probably closed.
Jacksonville serial killer
Arrested for 6+ murder/rapes
When Paul Durousseau was in the Army at Ft. Benning, GA, a civilian grand jury indicted him for a 6 January 1997 rape and kidnapping. Since the victim had been kidnapped from Ft. Benning, the Army insisted on prosecuting.
Durousseau beat the charges, the Army dropped some larceny charges, and he pled guilty to receiving stolen property and was given a “bad conduct” discharge in August 1997.
On 7 September 1997, Tracy Haberstam, 26, was found dead, she had been strangled. She had last been seen at the Ft. Benning main NCO club.
In May 1999, Durousseau, who had moved to Jacksonville, Florida, was arrested for trespassing and spent two days in jail.
In 2001, he spent 48 days in jail for wife beating, and served another 30 days for rape and battery of a girl.
In 2002, he was arrested for burglary, demanded a jury trial and was acquitted.
Durousseau got a job as a cab driver, and between 19 December 2002 and 5 February 2003, five young women were raped and killed by strangulation in Jacksonville. On 6 February Durousseau, 32, was arrested for dealing in stolen goods.
He is now charged with the murder of the Jacksonville five plus Tracy Haberstam. Since two of the women were pregnant, the toll is at least eight.
Police are checking to see if he is linked to other crimes in other cities.
diunberbolt September 2003 27
Is Thunderbolt for you?
Thunderbolt of Truth
This publication is a Thunderbolt of Truth. We spare no effort to bring it to you, and we give no quarter to those destroying America and our people. We bring you vital news and critical information. We pledge to always bring the truth—the side of the news that the media keeps film you. djunbcrbolt counters the^ias and lies of the mainstream me&jjd Major areas covered are:
Non-White violent crime. Barring a major terrorist attack on the U.S., the big story in 2004 will be the murder explosion. Murder is up in almost every city in 2003. In Denver, for example, murder is up 50% over last year. We put the blame where it belongs: on the murderers. Non-Whites are the killers far out of proportion to their numbers. We hit the "un-indicted coconspirators'’ of the killers: the media, politicians. Black activists, and Jewish groups.
We go beyond murder to hammer at issues the media cover up, including interracial murder and rape.
^Tljunberbolt reports how the local police are rapidly losing their ability to control non-Whites. The key issue is “use of force.” Blacks, Hispanics and their allies, the liberals and the media Jews, persecute White police officers who kill non-White criminals.
Augusta, GA, police say Credic Beals, accompanied by two other Blacks shot Margaret King in the face during a convenience store robbery in April 2003. She was 57.
Media. We give the media no quarter. They have lied to you for far too long. From the billionaire Jewish media moguls down to the rookie reporter, they are, almost without exception, a group of habitual liars. They lie in virtually every story concerning race—AIDS, immigration, student performance, homosexuals, and crime, just to name a few.
The coming police state. The White sheep are being panicked by the media. They willingly give up their rights because the media has frightened them. Using excuses like “domestic terrorism,” the FBI, state, and local police are going to control your life. Surveillance cameras, concrete barriers, electronic sensors, searches, and strip searches are in your future.
The media and politicians deliberately let hundreds of thousands of terrorists into the U.S. and let minority criminals run rampant. Then to control the terrorists and killer apes, the politicians grant the police more and more power.
A small example: if the police search you or your home, they may seize as little as $700 to prove you are engaged in some sort of criminal activity. The police need this tool to control the Black and “Hispanic” drug and illegal gun dealers. To avoid charges of racism, the police must use the same tool against you.
You will lose your gun rights.
(limber bo It hammers on this issue. Non-White crime is out of control because non-Whites can’t control their violent nature. No politician will do anything to control them. Instead politicians continue to try to control guns and so forth. Non-White criminals are not using as many “Saturday night specials” as they used to. Now the preferred weapon is an AK-47 or a powerful handgun. Non-Whites read Guns & Ammo too. They know that if you shoot someone with an AK-47, he can’t shoot back, and he will never be a witness. Well-meaning White liberals are not the major force behind gun control efforts.
The major force is media lies about Black and Mexican murderers.
The economy. Our jobs and our economy have been exported to Red China, Mexico, and other Third World hellholes. The American government and individuals have been living on their credit for more than a decade. Foreigners own 12% of American corporations' common stock, 23% of our corporate bonds, and 45% of our national debt. Our politicians did this to you. They are puppets in the hands of the media and the internationalists.
Schools. Non-White and homosexual teachers are often as big a threat, as are non-White students. Our children are not safe in schools. They are physically, morally, and spiritually in grave danger.
In addition, tEbunberbolt continually features stories on mandated equality and the student standardized test scores that prove mental and	psychological
inequality.
Immigration. We will point out t ie violent crime, corruption, welfare dependence, and race problems tl it immigration, legal and illegal, caus s.
This is an issue that has been ba v underreported and	deserves i	1
Thunderbolt of Truth.	|
We are losing the war for America, and we are losing it rapidly. But we can	i
awaken Whites. HLbunberbolt knows that	f
people take the news personally, especially if it's put to them truthfully. » And it is personal that their country and their people are being destroyed. Some I Whites will take their rightful responsibility and act. We continually issue a challenge to Whites to become patriots. Many need to be shocked by a i’ Thunderbolt of Truth. —Editor
QTljunberbolt
SUBSCRIBE
TODAY
Don’t miss the Action
d^mtHerbolt is also available in bulk at reasonable prices. If you are an action-oriented patriot, purchase multiple copies and sell them or distribute them for free. For details, see page 3 of tEtyuntoerbolt magazine.
DeMarais is a
and was on the staff o:f .Ntti.^^^^M Books for six years. Prior to that, he was a university business professor and a registered professional engineer. He lives near Hillsboro, WV. His goal is to bring readers news and information needed to ignite action. Each ninthly issue will document the behavior of nonwhites—-Blacks, Mexicans, Jews, Asians, and American Indians. His allvolunteer staff will grow, and dPfjtlJlllcrbolt will grow in both quality and size. For too long, our voice has been too quiet and too meek. If you agree please see the other side of this leaflet.
fgfr«hnfaft
Subscription Form

n United States and Canada, 12 issues $40.00 □ United States and Canada, Introductory Rate, 5 Issues $18.00 D All Other Countries (Airmail) $80.00 [Payable in U.S. dollars only]
Name:___________________________________________________________^-
Address:________________________________________________________*
City___________________________________State___________Zip Code_________
Country__________________________________
Enclose Payment	□	Money	Order	□	Check	□	Cash
Makes checks and MOs payable to Thunderbolt LLC and mail to: Thunderbolt LLC PO BOX 400
MARLINTON WV 24954-0400
*
J
Thunderbolt LLC • PO Box 400 • Marlinton • WV 24954 • USA