THE
MIA CHMOTAM 2
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round HIIL Virginia 20142
—j£SS™
SMn of America
fCiVv* j TlkN\\Sl
JANUARY 1998: \/olume 9, Number 1 Circulation: 1873 copiers
*^torecwerf I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict than anymore as before time." [2 Samuel 7:10]
"And Ye Shaft Know The Truth...
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
The title of this message is from the eighth chapter and the thirty-second verse of the Gospel according to John, and the quotation are the very words of our Saviour, Christ Jesus.
It has become evident that I apparently stirred up a hornet*s nest with my message in the December issue of Virginia Christian Israelite, relative to: "Is Christmas Christian?" The printed message was a synopsis of a 2^-hour sermon message which was presented at services during the month of December.
While we have received some favorable comments on the substance of the message, we have also heard from others who inquired, "if we were trying to destroy the Christian message of the birth of the Messiah," and in another instance, "were we attempting to destroy Christianity, as if the Saviour had not been born, we were then denying Christ himself."
In answering these questions, let me state that in no manner are we trying or attempting to deny the birth of Christ. iJie are though, denying the birth at the time alloted far this celebration - namely Christ-mass on the 25th of December. If this was even close to the actual birthdate (month) of our Saviour, we probably would not be as concerned, but the fact that the Roman church, based upon pagan practices, decided the date and time is unacceptable, life most definitely believe in the virgin birth, the crucifixion, and the resurrection of our Saviour, but not necessarU/y based upon untruths of present-day Christianity.
ide spent extensive periods of time over a six-month period researching the material presented in the newsletter and the sermon messages, We are very conservative in the discarding of practices and traditions (of which there are many false teachings), prefering to fully study each matter and tradition in detail before accepting or rejecting the same, ye believe that our studies have proven the truths we preach.
If you do not consider yourself to be an Adamite, a Hebrew, and/or an Israelite, a descendant of Jacob-Israel, then feel free to observe anything you desire as the Bible does not pertain directly to you. The Bible is in truth the story of the descendants of Adam.
Ue would conclude this introduction by stating that those who are so critical, could offer some manner of proof as to why we are incorrect and in error relative to the commercialized celebration of Christ-mass.
Truth, is a very strong term! It is something that we rhetorically seek after in many instances, but in spite of our words, is it something that we can really accept...is it something that we really wish to know? When Christians, and especially Hebrews, are exposed to the true message of the Bible, they often listen, and then reject the truth because it is something new that they are hearing, and not in line and conformity with what they hear or have heard from the assorted denominational branches of churchianity. The main weakness in their "rejection" is that they do not take the time and make the effort to validate, or invalidate, the material being presented. These people, unbeknowingly, have heard the truth, and have "rejected" the same because of their laziness of non-verification and/or their lack of Scriptural knowledge. They depend upon the formally educated "experts" who occupy most of the pulpits in churchianity in this land. These are the same "experts" who have never made a theological error in Scriptural interpretation or doctrine. Why is it that we never hear of a church or a preacher who owns up to making a mistake in their understanding of the word of God?
Are these churches so steeped in man-made doctrine, over hundreds of years, that they cannot acknowledge past errors without casting doubts upon their entire creeds? Do the preachers jeapordize their "careers" by straying from the accepted doctrines of their churches?
[Continued on Page 2]
the Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 2
January 19%. |	^
O
life YL SHALL KNOW THE TRUTH [Continued from Page 1]
The truth is that Christianity has become so corrupted, polluted, and perverted over the past several thousands of years, that it no longer resembles what the Apostles and the early New Testament Church considered as Christianity. It is a fact that some churches reject the Old Testament in total, claiming that it was done away with and made obsolete by the New Testament. We see in the Lutheran and the Episcopal churches, the ordination and acceptance of homosexual ministers in the name of toleration and alternative lifestyles in spite of what Yahweh has told us in Leviticus 18:22: "Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination” [sin] (emphasis mine). Is this such a difficult passage to understand? And then we read in the newsmagazines of the perversion of pedophile priests (estimated at perhaps in excess of 5056) in the Roman church. Is it natural to expect that men and women (priests and nuns) can live a celibate life? The Roman church, so locked into the matter of celibacy, accepted married priests (and popes) from the first century until the twelfth century, with celibacy becoming church law (the doctrines of men) at the Second Lateran Council in 1139 A.D. A study of the concept of celibacy looks good in theory, but it is nothing more than a long history of abuses from the sexual perversions of priests to inbreeding between cloistered nuns and monks. Obviously, Paul did not adhere to celibacy as he instructed Timothy in 1 Timothy 3:1-5:
"This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work.
A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behavior, given to hospitality, apt to teach; Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous; One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity. For if a man know not how to rule his own house (family), how shall he take care of the church of Yahweh?”
So much for the untruth of Roman celibacy and the traditions of men.
There is so much that has changed in the manner and application of so-called "Christianity" as a result of the dictates and desires of men, that one does begin to wonder just what is truth. We do not seek to destroy any truth in what is left in today*s Christianity, but we do wish to present the Scriptural truth as it does apply to Christianity, and, if we step on some supposed sacred toes in the process, so be it.
The word of Yahweh, through the prophet Ezekial relates the duty of a watchman or sentry:
Son of man, speak to the children of thy people, and say unto them, When I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts (from among them), and set him for their watchman: If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow
He
the trumpet, and warn the people; ever heareth the sound of the trump^ taketh not warning; if the sword come ancj\ eth him away, his blood shall be upon his head. He heard the sound of the trumpet, anp took not warning: his blood shall be upon him.
But he that taketh warning shall deliver (save) his soul. But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people not be warned, if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity (sin); but his blood I will require at the watchman*s hand.** Ezekial 33:2-6.
As a watchman for God (El Elohim), I am blowing thl trumpet and issuing the warning...the sword is coming upon our land!
If you have heard the truth and have ignored orl rejected the same, who does the blame and the penalty! fall upon. That is why truth is such a powerful thing. I Can you offhandedly reject truth? Are you rejecting the I truth of God? If you do and believe not in the word of Yahweh, what does the future bode for you?
Paul is his second letter to Timothy [see: 2 Timothy 4:2-5] instructs us:
"Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine. For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears; And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.
But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry."
It is on these words from the Scriptures that we base this ministry. Many today continue to base their beliefs on the myths and fables of churchianity rather than the word of God. May Yahweh open our people*s ears and eyes to the truth. Amen.
+ + + + + + +
li)e intend to continue the exposure of the lies and false teachings of today's so-called "Christianity" in future issues of this newsletter. May we invite those who attend services in churchianity congregations to inquire of your minister on the truths of our statements. Time is growing short as we approach the end of this era and every Israelite should be warned to prepare their lives in such a fashion and manner as to be acceptable in the sight of Yahweh. Let us not fallen! the ways of the heathen and the ungodly...let us re^|||i| to the ways of our Heavenly Father and chanq|^j|H priorities in life. Unlike the Roman Catholics* is no way that anyone else can pray you to saluafclqe*^ you are responsible for your own actions whether you will be with the goats or the sheep.
PAGE 3
January 1998: Volume 9, Number 1
r ^ fijiwitk Christian Israelite
- \litf
a Mi
i i r/i
Jr
H
STRANGE COfflODENCESI
Col. J. Richard Niemela, (lISAF-Ret.)
In Psalm 15* David identifies those whom the Lord considers an acceptable guest* those whom He would honor with the right to enter the Tabernacle, to abide in His presence, on the holy Mountain - Fit for communion with God. Those accepted* will nev/er be "moved.” Those \dxj have once been admitted to God's presence and favor, shall not leave at judgement.
Confirming as St. Paul notes, that money is the root of all evil. David decries those lacking in conformity to His law; in particular, those who put out money to usury and bribery to victimize the innocent. History 2as shown who they are!
In the financial history of America, David's clear and explicit instructions and admonitions have been deceptively ignored and deceitfully practiced by International Bankers and Globalist Politicians to the detriment of citizens since Revolutionary times.
Alexander Hamilton and his supporters, mainly from New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, aided by European nationals involved in international financial affairs, promoted the centralizing and federalizing of our national and international monetary policies. But, only on their terms, and only within established private banking circles, particularly theirs and their European banking associates!
This selfish and illegal view ran contrary to explicit guidance within the Constitution. Here, the production of money, its issue, distribution and related functions were, and still are, to be retained solely within the purview of the Congress.
Jefferson's views were vehemently in opposition to those of the international bankers, but his views did not always prevail. The influence of northeastern bankers forced occasional deviations to U.S. money policies at times favoring Hamilton's federalists and at other times, the Jeffersonian states-rightists.
Andrew Jackson, a leading opponent of these corrupt centralized barking practices fought and was succesful in destroying a private central U.S. bank. But greed prevailed - around the turn of the century, the alien central bankers secured their monetary power and control over American citizens! Before they gained this control over American money however, an interesting and unusual development occurred during Lincoln's time that clearly validated the Constitutional framers views on monetary policy. These events also proved how demonic and damaging the privately controlled banking practices were to the welfare of the country.
During the early days of the Civil War, when men and supplies were desperately needed, Lincoln's treasury lacked the means to pay. When Lincoln approached the bankers for loans, they during this time of the nations need, demanded an annual interest rate of 2855 on all funds borrowed.
Lincoln did not yield to these exhorbitant demands and persauded Congress to print and circulate its own notes. As a consequence, Lincoln funded the war with the governments own credit rather than permitting the bankers to use public credit for their own ends.
Bankers from New York, Boston, and Philadelphia fought with Lincoln during the entire time these small denominations issued by the government were in circulation - without banking middlemen to profit from the transactions. Notable also - they incurred no additional taxes. Lincoln proposed to make these and future notes full national legal tender. He gained the approval of the House, but the Senate was influenced by financiers trying to regain control over the nation's monetary system.
Corruption was as widespread among some of the public officials then, as today, and the very clever bankers managed to change the wording of the "legal tender bill" to satisfy their particular interests -adding on one side of these notes, words reading: "The United States will pay the bearer One Dollar at the Treasury in New York," and on the opposite side it read: "This note is legal tender for all debts public and private, except for duties on imports and interest on the public debt, and is receivable in payment of all loans made to the United States."
This appeared to be a strange concession by the bankers as the interest on Government bonds could not be paid with these notes, although they could be used to pay off the bond itself.
Again, this seemed to be an unusual compromise until it is recognized that the government paid interest annually, while payment for the bonds themselves was years away. These clever bankers knew they could get this concession modified before the bonds came due. And that is what happened. Bankers cleverly down-played the value of these issued notes and the compromise wording on each note helped to devalue them as well.
Following this nationwide campaign against the notes of Lincoln, their value decreased by 7055. Then the bankers purchased them, while continuing to harass a weary Lincoln. Lincoln ultimately relinquished and was then forced to issue additional bonds and sell these "new" bonds, dollar for dollar in exchange for the bankers "depreciated" Legal Tender Notes which they had purchased so cheaply.
In 1863, Congress passed a law that chartered National Banks. They were freed from paying taxes and allowed to issue their own bank notes up to 9055 of the par value of these new government bonds that they now owned. These bankers were indeed, very clever.
With the end of the Civil War in sight, Lincoln's short but highly enlightening experience with public funding became almost a beacon for guiding the nation's monetary policy.
The Congressional issue of money was viewed as a successful and desirable policy and it motivated the interest of Lincoln in world-wide monetary reform.«.an
[Continued on Page 6]
luiwi Israelite
PAGE 4
Biblical Basis For Acceptance of Woman
by STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, WA 02045
Scripture is the word of God and as such has perfect authority for explaining Yahweh’s intentions and making our liv/es meaningful. There is no ground to doubt the accuracy of the prophets because they were working by divine inspiration. But uie don’t have the original statements of the prophets, only copies passed down by translators. They sometimes made errors that distort the original message if we don’t read with devotion and ferret out discrepancies. Moreover, today’s translators and publishers often make innovatons and new prefaces and notes for the books of the Bible that prejudice a reader’s mind.
Experienced translators must be especially careful with interpreting idioms and should have much source material for comparison. King James saw that his translation of the Bible, published in 1611, didn't make changes or inclusions to please every political faction. It survived and is still highly respected and loved for its beauty and accuracy. Many great individuals have attested to its spiritual power. But the consequences of publishing all the modern "souped-up" versions of Scripture that please mammon bode ill for America.
You can detect and test discrepancies by comparing a doubtful word or verse with other things the prophets wrote on the issue, and understanding the consistant meaning of Yahweh’s message. Then, the truth will emerge.
Selfish people will always be in haste to conclude a corrupt interpretation of Scripture or insert an ambiguous or wrong expression. For example, that ungodly men have sought to subjugate women in the church is a practice that sometimes creeps into the spirit of translations to justify the attitude of women's subordinate role.
Let's examine an instance where the word law has been used to imply God's law when it implies man's law or more specifically Pharisaical law. Remember falsification of doctrine does not change Yahweh's plan any more than misidentifying His people called Israel, gives others called Jews the heritage of His covenants. It is written* "Let your women keep silent in the churches; for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law" (1 Corinthians 14*34). Here, the law that brutalizes a woman through gag orders was not Yahweh's but the Jews' as practiced in their Talmud.
The Jewish leaders feel threatened by freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. In the time of Jesus, they taught that it was sinful to speak to women. Even
O
January 1998- Voi ■§
III ^ $
the disciples reflected the tradition surprised by Jesus speaking to a woman (see 3<1 Unlike the Bible, there are many statements he2
wher*

women in the Talmud that encourage men to discri^ and abuse the powerless.
Jesus hated the hypocrisy of the Jews. They ^ especially criminal in sexual matters, but they defin and enforced the laws and escaped all but divine retr: bution. The Talmud forbade teaching women the law < evil. The Jews still use the Talmud and teach it j their schools.
John 8:1-12 is the account of a woman caught ii adultery or fornication brought before Jesus to be stoned to death. The irony is that the man who used her, who may even have been a pharisee, supposedly preserving Mosiac law, was not also brought. Jesus did not accuse her but warned her not to sin.
There is space to list some talmudic interpretations of scripture: (1) A Jewish male should thank God for not making him a woman or a Gentile (Menahoth 43b); (2) Walking behind a woman on the road is sinful (Erubin 18b); (3) The frequency of the sex act depends upon one's occupation (Kethuboth 61b); (4) It is permissible to divorce your wife if she burns your dinner, or if you see a prettier girl (Gittin 91a); (5) A woman may be divorced if she uncovers her head in public, if she exposes her arms in public, or if she speaks aloud on sexual matters (Kethuboth 72a);	(6) A Jew may have
unnatural sexual relations with the wife of another, without sin (Sanhedrin 58b); (7) Any unnatural sex act is allowed to a Jew with his wife (Nedarim 20b); (8) It is permitted to have sexual intercourse with a girl three years and one day old (Sanhedrin 55b); (9) Intercourse with a dead woman is...permissible (Yabamoth 55b); (10) If a priest's wife is raped, the priest is no longer allowed to have sexual relations with her on penalty of being whipped (Yebamoth 56b); (11) A priest may marry a woman guilty of beastiality (Yebamoth 59b); (12) If a man commits sodomy with a boy less than nine years old, they are not guilty of sodomy (Sanhedrin 54b); (13) The rabbis are greater than the prophets (Baba Bathra 12a); (14) If a Gentile robs a Jew, he must pay him back, but if a Jew robs a Gentile, the Jew may keep the loot. Likewise, if a Gentile kills a Jew, the Gentile is to he killed, but if a Jew kills a Gentile, the Jew is to go free (Sanhedrin 57a), and (16) All Gentile children are legally bastards, since Gentiles are only animals (Yebamoth 98a). And many more talmudic passages preach additional related falsehoods.
These hateful talmudic passages allow us to understand the discrepancies of 1 Corinthians 14:34. Confirmation of how Christian Israelitic law applies to women can be found in the Biblical accounts of heroic women and shows us the true meaning intended. Also, Paul answers questions about marriage in 1 Corinthians 7*1-39. The issue of woman's role in society is likely to come up in discussions of the controversial issue of women in the ministry. Just decisions and right actions are based on a sound knowledge of Scripture.
PAGE 5
January 1998: Volume 9, Number 1]
-m: I 3 g
* §M
K 9 W *

m
I pj|
Chri*tia.i Israelite
gs ms C* Ni * v
r 1*
1 —.
A
A
Carpetbaggers & Scalawags
v.
by Historicus
Virginia has endured them before. But never, since 1867, has she been beseiged by so many alien programs, promulgated by so many damnyankees and administered by so many disloyal native sons. During "Reconstruction,” when Southern Christian civilization was under sustained attack, such ignoble officials were known as "carpetbaggers,” and "scalawags,” respectively. In our overfed era of complacent materialism, mind-altering substances, and Monday-night football, these perennial subversives of hearths and homes have metamorphosed into a legion of unelected offices and titles. Their former appelations remain apropos.
Recent encroachments on our liberty bear the footprints of both types of scoundrel: Under color of law, Non-government organizations (NGOs) - using zoning and land-use statutes and the buzz-words "Environmental Protection” and "Sustainable Development” - have gained control of our lands, improvements, and water resources. (Locally, a lawyer/sheep rancher and a Farmers Market owner have gathered painful notoriety for failing to conduct their affairs as prescribed by their regional "administrators.") Then, as politicians sanctioned the "E-911" buzz-word, spy satellites and surveillance planes completed photographing all structures, roads and driveways in the state. Virginia is now "mapped" and the exact location of every property owner is exposed to computer scrutiny; Rural Free Delivery box numbers have been discarded, and folks have been told to post four-inch numerals on their properties, so that Emergency Personnel (Firetrucks, ambulances, MJTF, FEMA, BATF, FBI, and UN 'Peacekeepers* ) can visit them very expeditiously. High-altitude UN bombers now overfly the land of Patrick Henry, routinely disturbing our quietude, mocking us, reminding us that we are citizens of a conquered nation... hour after hour, day after day, night after night. The buzz-words:	"combat readiness training," have been
offered in explanation. Those vested with the public trust are either living in denial...or deaf and blind. As token of our defeat, the Virginia seacoast has been surrendered (ceded) to the United Nations by a "conservative" (scalawag) Richmond administration. The Chinese strong man has been honored by the White House as he visited to survey the spoil.
Currently, Richmond is teeming with plans which will eventually pull the (electric) plug on small farmers, dairymen, and home owners. Under the high-sounding word "competition," the rural electrification network will be dismantled. Electric Co-ops, which serve small customers in rural areas, will be required to "compete” with BIG URBAN/INOUSTRIAL COMPANIES for the available supply of electricity, in the same fashion that a pa'jpei competes with a millionaire for a meal during a
famine. The available SUPPLY is to be diminished. Many hydro-electric plants are already contemplated for extinction in the Clinton/Gore "American Heritage Rivers" program. The recent "Global Warming Treaty" in Kyoto, Japan (a carpetbagger farce) furthered UN control of "green house gases,” which means state-mandated shut-down of fossil fuel generating plants. The Richmond scalawags are merely anticipating these events. Gore also wants to ban most wood stoves, and motor vehicles. But what will rural folks do without their electricity, woodstoves, and motor vehicles? According to the D.C. carpetbaggers, there's no need to worry, because most folks will no longer be there...the UN has aleady designated most privately-owned rural Virginia land "Biosphere Reserves" for flora and fauna. Existing human inhabitants are to be forcibly transferred to 'habitats for humanity.' Can't happen here? In the 1970's, a Clinton look-alike named Nicolae Ceaucescu carried-out an identical 'systemization' program in Romania. It razed thousands of rural villages and countless homesteads, and transferred their occupants to raw concrete apartment blocks in state-designated centers. [Local newspapers reported that one such massive concrete 'center' in Stuart's Draft (VA) will "house” 180,000 people. Have you noticed the other huge concrete 'centers' - recently constructed - in this area and throughout the state?]
Finally, control towers of various high-tech configurations have begun to proliferate. These structures will enable NGOs, e.g., AT&T, and the emerging police state to monitor/repress people and motor vehicles, to ensure compliance with the master UNITED NATIONS program. Apparently, Big Brother's towers are not subject to any zoning ordinances, or land-use restrictions. No Special Use permits are being required. No issues about 'inappropriateness' or 'unsightliness* are being raised. Petty socialist dictators (Directors of Community Developement) tilt at their wind-mills on Route 11, or protect the "sheepul" from having wool pulled over their eyes in Churchville. But not one of them has made a peep concerning these sinister instruments of technological oppression, which are already scarring the landscapes within their administrative areas. Is it possible that the D.C. carpetbaggers have not told our modern scalawag military governors how these towers will be used?
State and County statesmen are badly outnumbered... Eastern aliens and domestic traitors/stooges hold sway. Apparently, the South will NOT rise again. Of the few who understand why Virginia fought her invaders in 1861-1865, most are absent from the ideological battlefields. "Re-enactors,” claiming a Confederate heritage (but missing its point) are out playing soldier on pretended fields of honor. In the real world, they seem destined - with the rest of us - to endure yet more humiliation than their Old Dominion forefathers, who have gone before.
PRAY LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS UPON IT - IT DOES!
The Virginia Chi istian Israelite
PAGE 6
January 1998: Volte*
STRAMGE COlNCIPtmS [Continued from Page 3]
issue that caused consternation among international
bankers*
Unfortunately for America* a broad reform of U*S* monetary policy was not to be - John Wilkes Booth* influenced and reportedly paid by alien and banking interests, assassinated Lincoln* The control over the American monetary system remained with the bankers.
The real story behind Lincoln*s death has been as distorted* devious and confused as the twisted avenues and crooked paths of Kennedy’s assassination, as \lindent Foster’s, as Secretary Ron Brown, and others*
HMtlea’s financial policies following the Civil War
I were mixed and contorted, with mergers creating larger and miore dominent banks. These banks then became entangled in rivalries that created financial ups and downs effecting the entire country - crashes and depressions, often leaving people destitute. The evils inherent in private banking became more pronounced by the year 1907. A small group of elites, recognizing when and how to take advantage of American financial turmoils, probably of their own doing, forged an association of bankers and federal politicians. They determined to advance the centralized control of the nations finances - an agent of oppression that continues today.
At a meeting of these conspirators on Jekyll Island, at a hunting club in Georgia, a new U.S. monetary pro-gran was devised. This led to three separate events which became entrenched abberations in the character of this nation and set the country on a collision course with disaster. Here the course of history was altered. Here these conspirators created the Federal Reserve System, designed the 16th Amendment on the Income Tax, and, the 17th Amendment, voiding the election of U.S. Senators by state legislatures (as was Constitutionally mandated). Three deviously inter-twined events, surreptitiously designed by conspirators to reshape America^ monetary and political policies.
The guiding hand behind these events was European, Jewish, and directly associated with the coordinated banking houses of European nations, all controlled by the Rothschilds. Paul Warburg was sent to the U.S. to head the family's branch bank, Kuhn-Loeb, but in reality, to dictate the process for the creation of a central U.S. bank. As the chief architect of the Federal Reserve System, he was assisted in this disastrous development by U.S. Senators, the officers of the four largest New York banks plus disloyal members of the U.S. Treasury.
Out of this meeting came what Rep. Wright Patman noted: ’’The main reform proposal was a central bank with power to regulate; the central bank was to be privately owned and privately controlled." Despite actions by the House, which had discovered that the Wall Street Money Trust controlled almost all of the nations financial power. Wall Street funded the election of Woodrow Wilson, who in turn aided the conspirators monetary plans. This fact, combined with the clever and devious timing of the Senate vote on December 23, 1913,
a demonic money system was created that controls ica (and the world) today. 1913 - a diabolical year?
But, it had been planned and been in the works years. It was written by highly intelligent men who knew exactly what they wanted, and as a result it has diminished the power of Congress and the People.
The Judiciary has been compromised and each President has willingly participated in the charade ever since - except one - a most unlikely one, considering the reported events associated with John F. Kennedy and his "Camelot." History has a habit of repeating itself: the more things change, the more they remain the same! Only the people are different - the greed and deceit remain.
Kennedy developed an independent attitude creating a glitch in the plans of the bankers and globalists. Acting freely, as did Lincoln, Kennedy ordered the issue of money directly from the government’s sources.
[Continued on Page 8]
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
1• Who built ancient Babylon?
2.	Who built a city called Enoch east of Eden?
3.	Who built the Egyptian treasure cities of Pithom and Raamses?
4.	Who built Gezer, which had been given as a wedding gift to his Egyptian wife by her father?
5.	Who built Nineveh?
6.	What king of Israel built Penuel?
7.	Who built Ramah in order to keep people from entering and leaving Judah?
8.	What king of Judah built up the defenses of Bethlehem?
9.	What king of Israel built the nation's capital at Samaria?
10.	What man of Bethlehem rebuilt Jericho during Ahab's reign?
11.	Who rebuilt Elath and restored it to Judah?
12.	Who rebuilt Babylon on a grand scale?
13.	What strongman was ordained before birth to deliver Israel from the Phillistines?
14.	What child, who later ministered with the priest Eli, was ordained before birth to serve God?
15.	What apostle was foreordained to minister to the Gentiles?
16.	What kinsman of Christ was ordained to be his forerunner?
17.	What Greek ruler's reign is usually considered to be predicted in the Book of Daniel?
18.	What prophet was ordained before birth to be God's messenger?
19.	What king of Judah had his birth and reign foretold to King Jeroboam?
20.	What psalm, usually assumed to have been written by David, speaks of God knowing him before his birth?
21.	Who foretold Christs birth and ministry, to Mary?
(Answers can be found on Page 8)
Israelite
PAGE 7
January 1998: Volume 9, Number
> # flowing essays were written by Dr. Balint Director, Center for the American Founding, Hishington, D. C. and appeared in the November 1997 issue of INPRINUS, published by Hillsdale College, Hillsdale MI. tie thought that they would be of interest to our readship and they are reprinted with the permission of IMPRIMUS.
I * # i #
We have been ordered by the prophets of social Justice to replace our common American identity with *«ulticulturalism." One cannot fail to notice the enor-laous importance the leaders of the social justice crowd attach to the eradication of American identity. They insist on bilingual education and multilingual ballots. They remove the founding documents from our schools. They enforce anti-American history standards. They banish the Ten Commandments. Add to this the replacement of American competence with generic "self esteem” and voluntarism with coercion. Consider the vast numbers of new immigrants who are encouraged to ignore the very reasons that brought them to America in the first place. The list goes on, and sooner or later the loss of a common American identity will affect national defense, if it has not done so already.
Will Americans lay down their lives if America is nothing but a patchwork of countless group identities?
Will the armed forces of the United States fight to uphold, defend, and advance multiculturalism?
The questions before us are serious and legion. We are virtually drowning in ’’issues" that come at us like an octopus. Then, just as we tackle each arm, the octopus turns into a turtle, tucked inside its impenetrable shell. How do we respond? What positions do we take? And, once we figure out our position, how do we argue its merit?
We at the Center for the American Founding propose the "four points of the compass" because we believe that our restored bearings will place us firmly on the path of lasting success once again. After the distortions of the past 30 years, we need to recalibrate our compass to point to the rule of law, individual rights, guaranteed property, and our common American identity.
As you have seen, these are interconnected, and they flow from one another, just as the false compass points that have come to displace them - group rights, social justice, redistribution, and multiculturalism -are interconnected and flow from one to another. What Ls multiculturalism if not a redistribution of our cultural treasury? What is redistribution if not a jroup right? What is a group right if not the implementation of some political activist’s version of social |ustice?
For 30 years, we have acquiesced in a steady erosion If America’s founding principles. The time has come to everse the process. Rather than contending with count-
less individual issues, we need to take the debate down a few notches, right to the core. We recommend that future legislative initiatives be tested against the four points of the compass. Does the proposed bill negate the rule of law? Does it violate individual rights? Does it interfere with the guarantee of property? Does it constitute an assault on our common American identity? Only if the answer to each question is "no" should the proposal proceed and be judged on its merit. We recommend applying the same test, a "do-no-harm" screen, to existing statutes and regulations. There is much on the books that ought to be repealed.
In other words, let us weed the garden before planting a fresh crop.
*****
Individual or Group Rights?
Social justice has spawned an abberation called "group rights." Group rights are the negation of individual rights. Group rights say, in effect, "You cannot and do not have rights as an individual - only as the member of a certain group." The Constitution knows nothing about groups. Groups have no standing in the eyes of the law. And, since so-called group rights are invariably created and conferred by persons of temporary authority, they are "subject to change without notice," as the saying goes, just like the definition of social justice itself.
Individual rights and group rights are mutually exclusive. Once again, one cannot have it both ways.
Among our individual rights, the right to acquire and hold property has a special place. This right protects the weak against the strong and balances inborn gifts with the fruits of sheer diligence and industry.
John Locke, Thomas Jefferson, and James Madison held that civilized society is predicated upon the sanctity of private property and that to guarantee it is government’s primary function. Without absolute property there is no incentive, no security, no liberty. The freedom to enter into contract, the freedom to keep what is yours, the freedom to dispose of what is yours underlies all liberties.
Neither the search for social justice nor group rights recognizes, or respects, private property. They look upon individuals as faceless members of a multitude who, together, create a certain quantity of goods. These goods belong to what they call the "community."
Then certain "wise" people decide who needs what and distribute - actually redistribute - the goods. These wise people came up with the word "entitlement." Entitlements are based neither on law nor on accomplishment. Entitlements are based on membership in a certain group, and we have seen that groups themselves are designated by persons of temporary authority, rather than by law.
The right to property and entitlements through redistribution are mutually exclusive. I repeat> One cannot have it both ways.
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 8
January 1998s Volume	1
STRANGE COINCIDENCES [Continued from Page 6)
On June 4* 1963* Kennedy issued Executive Order fill 110* This was a most unique order* one that reestablished real United States currency* backed by the gold held by the U.S. Treasury. These treasury bills carried no debt or interest attached to their issue.
Kennedy bypassed the Federal Reserve System with this move and in turn created a real problem for the private banking corporation - they could not collect the interest on this "money."
A total of $303,438,577 in debt free U.S. Motes werej^ printed and issued before Kennedy was assassinatecl^§hj| November 22, 1963 - 170 days after his Executive The printing of these U.S. Motes was abruptly ^topped on November 22, 1963, even before Kennedyfs burral. On the Presidential airplane flight back to Uashing^^n, carrying the body of the dead President, Lyndon B. Johnson rescinded Executive Order #111110, halting the printing of the United States Motes.
It has been surmised from these actions that John F. Kennedy was assassinated because he was in the process of restoring the monetary system and halting the growing national debt. An uncanny repetition of Lincoln's proposal, both of which ended abruptly after the assassinations. It is obvious now who had the most to gain then, and in Kennedy's time by stopping these debt-free U.S. Notes from getting into the American economy. The Rockefeller/Rothschild Conspiracy...the one's who stood to benefit the most...the Federal Reserve System, Inc.
While speaking at Columbia University on November 12, 1963, Kennedy was quoted as sayings "The high office of the President has been used to foment a plot to destroy America's Freedom, and before I leave office I must inform the citizens of this plight..." Ten days later, John F. Kennedy was dead...Is there a parallel with Lincoln's death...Conspiratorial bankers and globalists short-circuiting events? An unusual coincidence?
Now, the government itself has become a party to the conspiracy, in league with multi-national corporations, with globalists, with the bankers and their alien allies, determined to continue this diabiolical monetary system.
Oh, Rachel don't you weep! True Israel will be invited to the Holy Mountain of the Lord...to abide in His presence.• .to be welcome guests in our own home! Pray, and it will be given unto us. Amen.
* * * » * * *
The Congressional pay raise of $3,072.80, euphemistically and deceitfully called a cost of living increase, sneaked by the Senate and the House. Lawmakers already make $133,600 per year in addition to their lavish perks. House Speaker Gingrich had his pay bumped to $175,444. Among the senators who voted for the raise were such needy legislators as Ted Kennedy and Jay Rockefeller. Are these "career" politicians worth this? Why can't we vote on their salaries? Re-elect none!
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE (1) Nimrod, Genesis 10:8-10} (2) Cain, Genesis 4:17; (3) The enslaved Israelites, Exodus 1*11; (4). Solomon, 1 Kings 9:1-17; (5) Nimrod, Genesis 10:11; (6) Jeroboam 1 Kings 12:25; (7) Baasha, king of Israel, 1 Kings 15:17;	(8) Rehoboam, 2 Chronicles 11:6; (9) Omri,
1 Kings 16:23-24;	(10)	Hiel,	1 Kings 16:34; (11)
AzauLah, 2 Kings 14:22;	(12)	Nebuchadnezzar, Daniel
4:vi^^L!Nj Samson, Judges 13:2-5; (14) Samuel, 1 Samuel 15) Paul, Galatians 1:15;	(16)	John	the
Luke 1:13-17; (17) Alexander the Great, Daniel ^n:2-4; fl8) Jeremiah, 1:5; (19) Josiah, 1 Kings 13:2; 7 (20) P^iLm 139^V21) The angel Gabriel, Luke 1:26-38.
* * ft * * ft *
^HANUKKAH: False Jewish Holiday
year, for the first time, we had a ceremony on Llipse in Washington, D.C. (close by the national iristmas tree"), of the National Nenorah. It was replete with extensive seating, music, speeches, and the ever-present politicians. I was rather appaled, but surely not surprised by this affront to our "Christian" nation, by the Christ-denying hate-mongers.
Hanukkah can not be found in the Bible, although information as to its celebration can be found in the Books of the Maccabees (Apocrypha). This ceremony which is often referred to as "the Feast of Lights," or, "the Feast of the Maccabees" is an eight-day celebration whih begins on the 25th day of the month of Kislev in the November/December time period.
Hanukkah is not an ordained feast of Yahweh as found in the books of Leviticus and Deuteronomy, and the earliest observance that can be found is in 165 BC, in commemoration of the rededication of the second temple in that year. The temple had been desecrated in 168 BC by the Syrian king Antiochus I\l Epiphanes who decreed that the Temple of Jerusalem was to henceforth become a temple of the Greek god Zeus. A band of rebellious Jews led by Judas Maccabeus eventually won the so-called Maccabean War against Antiochus.
There are many tales to be found in the Talmud with regard to the lighting of the Menorah - the multi-branched candelabrum which is evident around this time of year. The customs of Hanukkah have evidently gravi-tted to those of Christmas including the giving of gifts, lighting candles, decorating the home, and the festive meal. Instead of the Christmas "red and green," the Jews use the colors "blue and white."
The Jews, for all of their claimed piousness, evidently do not believe the words of the prophet Isaiah as found in 1:14-15, nor the words of the prophet Amos as found in 8:10-12. Hanukkah is nothing more than a man-made and ordained celebration, which was not and is not designated by Yahweh, in a similar vein to our so-called "Christian" celebration of Christmas. We surely do not accept Hanukkah any more than we do not accept Christmas. You surely have heard the name, and this is a short explanation of another contrived holiday.