TIAlli
mtf NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES p, o. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
_________
Wyi	w< iit.f;*
r	J/ »	|
March 1997: Volume 8, Number 3
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
A pre-stipulation of this message is that the sacred scriptures are the Word of God as recorded by inspired men of God. The Bible is a collection of 66 books commencing with Genesis and ending with Revelation. It is the history or family tree (sans some branches) of Adam. The Bible, must be considered without any doubt, as our instructional manual. It is true that there are literally tens of thousands of "religious books" published each and every year, some of which are instructional, but many of which contain falsehoods and errors, and which are written for PROFIT by greedy and stupid shepherds. It is fine to read some of these related publications, but it should be remembered in a foremost manner, that the BIBLE IS THE BOOK to which all of the others allude and refer. Without the existence of the BIBLE, there would be neither need or reason for all of these publications to be both written and marketed.
The observance, celebration, and acceptance of the ancient "Hebrew Festivals" has been a matter of much unsettlement and controversy among the Israelite people (the true descendants of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob) in today’s hectic world. There are some, who both advocate and insist that we follow and adhere to the "traditional" Christian holidays, as are currently observed by all of the denominational religions and surely most of churchianity. Then there are others who advocate and recommend that we should be observing and celebrating the old Hebrew Feasts and Festivals as commanded by Yahweh our God. I have given this matter of controversy much serious study in years past as I, like many others, had been raised in the traditional vein of "Christian" observances and the celebration of the ancient holy days became a strict departure from former "traditionalism." In addition, and perhaps more important, I certainly did not wish to advocate and encourage the adoption, celebration, and observance of some anti-Christ Edomite practice. It is a known fact that over a period of years, early personal and individual human experiences can be dulled and obscured by time. Surely this is true in my own case, as I seem to remember a more vivid and applicable celebration of the holy days, with the central focus being the birth, death, and resurrection of our Saviour, Christ Jesus.
Today, Edomite commercialism and greedy materialism have taken over the "traditional" Christian holidays in almost their entirety. In an overall sense, we refer to
these celebrations as "holidays" rather than the proper and true, "holy days." There is the celebration of "mas" in the month of December. This surely is not what most consider as "Christmas" as we have removed Christ from the celebration and have replaced Him with Santa Claus, elves, and reindeer. Then in the spring of the year, we have the passiontide holidays of Good Friday and Easter, with the bunnies and the eggs and the sunrise services, all of which can be traced back to early pagan customs and religions. I could never understand just what is "good" about Good Friday. And then we have the "lost time" factor. Our Saviour in Matthew 12:38-39 replied to the scribes and Pharisees: "An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonah: For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth."
In all honesty, between Friday, and prior to dawn on the following Sunday, there is no way to count three days and three nights. In the Gospel of John, chaptfer 20, verse 1, Mary Magdalene came to the sepulcher "when it was yet dark" which means prior to the dawning of the sun. Yahweh is not a God of error. If Christ said it would be three days and nights, then that is what it had to be - nothing more or less! Has this event been perverted by the "traditions of men", and if so, what are we following and believing?
[Continued on Page 2]
PAGE 2
March 1907: Volijmr>
, Nijflbsr
fhf Virginia Chriitim iprMlitf
WHAT SHXIP \A dBSTRVt AND CELEBRATE? [From Page 1 ] Vlthout ooino inio much explanation, wr av/an have some churches today which hold childrens parties and oet-toorthers in celebration of Halloween with all of the Satanic acccHJtermpnts, practices* and characters# What an abomination this is to our God! There is hope however. Som» peonle are becoming turned-off by the advertising, profiteering, enormous expenditures, and pressures of the materialistic customs which have been accepted in recent years#
ahile we concur and agree that we should celebrate the holy da\ s, as contrasted to the holidays, we have iHtf our fill of the perverted traditions of men. Is there some alternative? Well, what about the Hebrew holy days celebrated by our forefathers?
There are essentially three groupings of holy days Ot feasts mentioned in the Scriptures. These are detailed essentially in Leviticus 23 and also in Exodus 23 and 34, Numbers 29, and Deuteronomy IB and elsewhere in the Scriptures. The groupings are (1) Passover and the Feast of Unleavened Bread; (2) Pentecost; (3) Feast of Tabernacles, including the Feast of Trumpets and the Day of Atonement. Passover normally falls in the March-April period in the first Hebrew month of Nisan. Pentecost takes place in late Hay or early June and is I one day celebration. Tabernacles commences in late September or early October in the seventh Hebrew month of Tishri.
Consider for a moment, the 23rd chapter of Leviticus as a point of commencement. Verse 1 starts off; "And Yahweh-God spake unto Moses saying." Who spoke unto Moses? YAHWEH-GOD! Continue on to verse 9, and we find the same statement. Again in verses 23, 26, and finally verse 33 we find: "And Yahweh-God spoke unto Moses saying." This is the fifth time in this one single chapter that we find this statement, wherein Yahweh was speaking unto Moses. Was Moses an Israelite? YES! Are these the words of Yahweh speaking unto Moses? YES! Is the Bible true? YES! Aren't we descendants of the ancient Israelite brethren? YES!
how let us consider another word in this 23rd chapter of Leviticus which is also repeated several times over* The word is "forever" and it is found in the 14th, 21st and 31st verses which read as follows; "it shall be a statute FOREVER throughout your generations in all your dwellings." There is, in addition, further usage of this word "Forever" in verse 41. According to my dictionary the word "forever" is defined as (1) eternally; (2) without ever ending; (3) continually; and (4) incessantly. If we are Israelites, doesn't this text pertain to us. We surely are of the generations (seedline) of Jacob-Israel, and as such the command of Yahweh that we should celebrate these ordained feasts must apply to us. Does the Father not find us dilinquent if we ignore or deny the celebration of His holy days, arid if so, why are we not celebrating arid observing these God-ordained festivals?
In an attempt to defend the "traditional" Christian man-inspired holidays of churchianity, a denominational
shepherd (Presbyterian) once stated to me: "God changed his mind later on and denounced the feast days." I know however, that my God is an unchanging God - the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow, and therefore this denominatonal shepherd's statement cannot be correct, but merely espouses and promotes rhetoric in the erroneous denominational vein, li/e do know from 2 Chronicles that Solomon observed the holy days. Following the reign of Solomon, the kingdom was divided with Rehoboam reigning in Judea, and Jereboam reigning in the nation of Israel, now reduced to ten tribes. In 1 Kings 12: 25-33, we discover some important information. Iilhat is this feast on the 15th day of the EIGHTH MONTH? Solomon kept the feasts at their God-appointed time, but obviously shortly after his death, our ancient brethren immediately turned to Baal worship of idols and established "new man-determined dates for the feasts." As a consequence, we do find in the Scriptures, the following condemnations of Yahweh:	Hosea	2:11; Amos
5:21; Amos 9:10; Isaiah 1:14; Lamentations 1:4; Lamentations 2:6; Malachi 2:3, and elsewhere throughout the Scriptures. In all of these condemnations however, we find Yahweh condemning "YOUR FEAST DAYS," and not the feast days established and ordained by our heavenly Father. A comparison of Amos 5:21 and Leviticus 23:4 illustrates this point most explicitly in the wording of "Yahweh*s Feast Days" and "Man's Feast Days." Yahweh is not condemning His established feast days!
We as Israelites should be observing and celebrating the God-ordained and established Hebrew Feast Days. Certainly not in the same manner as did our ancient brethren, as we are under the new covenant and our celebrations should assuredly reflect that. The Israelites at the time of Moses, were looking forward to a coming Messiah as promised by Yahweh. We know and recognize that our Messiah and Saviour, Christ Jesus, has come and redeemed us from sin and death.
We are saved by the blood of the Lamb slain for us. Don't doubt this for a second. I am sure (after studying the history of our ancient forefathers) that at the very first Passover, just prior to the Exodus from Egypt, that there were some doubters among the Israelites...people who did not follow the instructions of Yahweh, and who suffered the same fate as befell the Egyptians that night.
Perhaps the last item of consideration in this message is a question which I received from a brother a short while ago: "These are the same holy days that are celebrated by the anti-Christ Jews...how can you possibly advocate the observance of these holy days?" My answer to this brother's question was as follows: "If the anti-Christ Jews have stolen and claim our Israelite birthright, what makes you think that they are above stealing our feasts (holy days) also? If the birthright is our inheritance, then the holy days are also a part of our inheritance. Why are we remiss in claiming all of our inheritance; all of what rightfully belongs to us as the true Chosen People of Yahweh. As
[Continued on Page 8]
PAGE 3
March 1997: Volume 8, Number 3
L®w&	®Si<$Judgment	Testing Your Bible	Knowledge
Pastor Lester Black
Our Heavenly Father Yahweh, is the God of Love and Peace, of LAUI, Statutes and Judgments. He is also a God of war. His Love and Peace is precious. His Judgments and Wars can be terrible.
He destroyed the entire living world, that was before the time of the "Genesis” of our Bible. Where, you may ask, does it say that? Well, He created the 6th day male and female and commanded them to "replenish" the earth. One does not replenish something that never was. I do not know the time, or nature, of that ancient rebellion, but the judgment was complete.
He has weapons in His armament that our weak-minded military has never dreamed of. The "chariots" spoken of in the Scriptures were space ships more excellent than the minds of man can imagine. The "war in the heavens" where Michael and the angels of heaven fought against Lucifer (the Adversary) and the rebelling angels that followed him, was a real, serious war. Satan lost and was put out of the heavenlies, with "his angelic followers" and "cast down" to this present earth. These "devils" (evil spirits) are with us today and have married into, or made proselytes of the civilizations of the world. Not only is Yahweh our God, a God of Love and Peace, He is a very efficient God of War! His Judgments will be fulfilled!
Today the sodomites of the world call themselves "gay". Whatever they call themselves, they are still sodomites and my God hates them. He erased the sodomites of Sodom and Gomorah from the earth in that place and at that time. In His time. He will erase the present generations of sodomites once and for all time. His LAWS, STATUTES, AND JUDGMENTS will ALL be carried out. No matter what so-called ministers say about God loving sodomites - they lie! Yahweh hates sodomy and sodomites. I believe it is because of the terrible apostacy of present "Christian-dumb" that He is permitting the plague of sodomy to infiltrate society, along with the other plagues of cancer, AIDS, etc. He promised us that we would have "none of these diseases", if we obeyed Him. It is obvious the people who claim to be His, are not obeying His Commandments, Laws and Statutes. His present judgment and curses are very obvious.
While saying Yahweh is a God of love, remember the death of the Egyptian*s first born. Remember what happened to the Egyptian army when the Red Sea rolled over them. Remember the earth opening up and swallowing the 25,OOP who donated their jewelry to make and worship a golden calf. Remember that while "the curse, causeless, shall not come," we are being cursed. Those who keep the pagan celebrations of "Christ-mass" and "Easter," or sunrise services, or make mockery of His time in the grave, or those Who eat swine, are being cursed, as a nation, for these and other wicked ways of rebellion. His judgments are sure! Amen.
1.	What did Yahweh change Jacob's name to?
2.	Who was told by Yahweh to name his son Maher-shalal-hash-baz?
3.	Who told Joseph what Jesus' name would be?
4.	What prophet was told by Yahweh to name his son Lo-ammi?
5.	Who told Hagar to name her son Ishmael?
6.	What did Yahweh change Abram's name to?
7.	Who was told by an angel that his son was to be named John?
8.	What prophet told the priest Pashur that his new name was to be Magor-missabib?
9.	What did Yahweh call His human creation?
10.	What new name did Jesus give to Simon?
11.	What was Hosea told to name his daughter?
12.	What was Sarai's name changed to?
13. Who was told to name his son Solomon?
14. Who was told to name his firstborn son Jezreel?
15.	Who told Mary that her son was to be named Jesus?
16.	Who told Pilate that a worrisome dream made it clear that Pilate was to have nothing to do with Jesus?
17.	According to one Old Testament prophet, there will come a day when young men will see visions and old men will dream dreams. Which prophet?
18.	Who repeats the words of this prophet in an early Christian sermon?
19.	Joseph, husband of Mary, was warned in dreams to do four things. What were they?
20.	In Nebuchadnezzar's famous tree dream, who is symbolized by the majestic tree that is cut down?
21• Daniel had a dream of four beasts rising out of the sea. What did they look like?
22.	In Nebuchadnezzar's dream of the statue, what four metals are mentioned as composing the statue?
23.	One of Gideon's soldiers dreamed of a Midianite tent being overturned by an unlikely object. What?
24.	When Yahweh came to the young Solomon in a dream and asked him what he desired. What did Solomon ask for?
25.	What three Egyptian officials did Joseph interpret dreams for?
26.	Yahweh protected Jacob by sending a dream of warning that Jacob should not be pursued or harmed. Who received this dream?
27.	Who irritated his brothers by telling them of his dreams?
28.	Who slept on a stone pillow at Bethel and had a dream of a stairway to heaven?
(Answers can be found an page 6)
**********
Our faith doesn't save us. It only links us to the One
of whom the Bible sayst "Neither is there salvation in
any othert for there is none other name under heaven
given among men whereby we must be saved" (Acts 4t12)«
PAGE 4
March 1997: Volume 8, farther 3
HAVE YOUR SAY
A POSSIBLE TRADE OFF!
Warn years ago I remember listening to a man's experiences in the Middle East between the two Great Wars (Mil 1 A Ufa] II], The gentleman due to his position was friendly to both the Arabs and the lews. Many of these people confided with this man on many issues. As a result of his position he learned a lot about the political tttligious positions of the Middle East.
Reny of the comments made by him about the Riddle East have come true. It is therefore, in view of the above comments, that the following article ought to be seriously considered.
This gentleman stated that many of the Jews were quite aware of who true Israel were and where they had •owed to. A number of the Rabbis and Jews stated without any hesitation that Israel had moved west from their area of captivity to the "isles of the west" and to other areas of western Europe. Even though small groups of Judah and Israel had been left, the bulk of the movement westward left very few behind. I am nevertheless prepared to accept the possibility that a small percentage of Jews today are possibly of Judah. As Identity Believers we must not forget that approximately 200,000 from the 46 fenced cities of Judah were also taken into captivity by Assyria. As a result of this deportation we should recognize that both Houses of Israel were taken captive into Assyria. The House of Judah that remained in Jerusalem was a proportion of the total number taken captive.
The pertinent point made by these Rabbis during the period between the Great Wars was that they would only openly recognize who Israel was once the world officially recognized the State of Israel, as not only a home for the Jews but the fulfillment of certain prophecies in the Scripture. Such acceptance of the State of Israel is now complete. Any person or organization who expresses otherwise is outside of the officially established point of view. I remember reading in a book some years ago that the western world, in one sense was divided into two groups: those who believe in the State of Israel as being the home of the "Jews" and those who express otherwise. Those who express otherwise will be looked upon as being socially unfit and could be considered by some as being mentally disturbed. What these social engineers have forgotten is that there are many Rabbis and Jews very concerned about the supposed legality of the State of Israel. Like a number of other matters not all Jews are united on this issue.
During recent months I have become aware of the fact that a number of admittedly very interesting books have been written about Israel's westward migrations. Whilst these books support the view that Anglo-Saxorv-Keltic people are modern day Israel, the authors state that all "Jews" are of the tribe of Judah. Now, while there
Is nothing new in this reference to the "Jews" being of the tribe of Judah, I am a little concerned that this might be a "trade off." What my friend said years ago appears to be coming true, namely we will tell the world where the Ten Lost Tribes are, as long as you accept the view that the "Jews" are of the Tribe of Judah.
During many discussions over the years, I have tried to make it quite clear that I am not "Anti-Semitic" or "Anti-Jewish." History and the Scriptures are quite clear about the fact that there are many who call themselves "Judahites" but who are not of the Tribe of Judah. To not consider the Edomite, Khazar and possibly Hittite influence within Jewry is to overlook considerable evidence from history that not all "Jews" are of Judah. It really is a case of trying to separate the counterfeit "Jew" from the true Judahite. It must be realized that the "Jews" religion does not automatically infer you are of the tribe of Judah. It is important to realize the distinction between a "Jew" by religion and a Judahite of the tribe of Judah. This whole matter is an enigma that is being deliberately kept confused. It soon becomes obvious that most opposition comes from within the churches when you try to make the distinction and explain this confusion.
During these last days "Satan" will try everything to create confusion. Now while this is true, not all blame can be placed at the feet of "Satan" or even with false Jewry. It must be remembered that considerable blame for the confusion must be squarely placed on the shoulders of true Israel. We have allowed foreigners to control virtually all the affairs of this nation. This is a result of the lack of our will to obey God's Laws.
I believe we have historically arrived at a situation similar to the incident in which Christ was presented to the crowd. Amongst the crowd there were agitators who demanded the release of Barabbas. The Idumean Jews also depended upon the ignorant masses to have Christ crucified. I am also very sure that if Christ was to return in a similar manner as He did in Bethlehem as a babe, the opposition to His authority would be even more severe. But fortunately Christ is to return as Ruler over Israel. He will separate the tares from the wheat. By His authority He will separate forever the cursed counterfeit. The prophecy of Obadiah will be completed and Israel will begin their role as a Servant Nation in an atmosphere where obedience will be more acceptable. No more will the enigma of Edom have any influence in the affairs of the "body politic." The two Houes of Israel will be finally reunited in a completed fashion. For those Jews in the world who have the same desire as our own, but are unable to speak out for fear of "false Jewry," will also rejoice in the realization that the Husband of Israel is a loving and forgiving God who will declare His plan of service to those who are truly the "apple of His eye." [Of course they must accept Christ as the Son of Yahweh and their Saviour and Redeemer who died for their sins.
From "LOOK UP", Australia, by a subscriber
PAGE 5
March
A Call to A waken His Servants
Through Isaiah a race of people, who have become many nations, is admonished to awaken to the fact that they are the descendants of Abraham through Isaac, the son of Sarah, The prophet identifies them as nations who are in pursuit of righteousness, and who seek El Elohim, but in order to truly accomplish their objective, it is vitally necessary that they ecognize their origin, destiny, and responsibility as the seed of Abraham:
”Hearken into me, ye that follow after righteousness, ye that seek El Elohim: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged. Look unto Abraham your father, and unto Sarah that bare you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him.” [Isaiah 51:1-2]
Isaiah posed a series of unusual questions:
"Who is blind, but my servant? Or deaf, as my messenger that I sent? Who is blind as he that is perfect, and blind as Yahweh’s servant? Seeing many things, but thou observest not; opening the ears, but he heareth not.” [Isaiah 42:19-20]
Because they are blind. His servant people do not recognize themselves as the Israel of God. Yet as His chosen they have carried out the assigned tasks:
"I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles; that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth.” [Isaiah 49:6]
Who has carried the Gospel of salvation by grace to the very ends of the earth? Obviously the Jews have not done this, and it is just as clearly evident that the work has been almost entirely accomplished by the Anglo-Saxon-Celtic and related peoples through their worldwide missionary activities of the past 200 yeas. Accordingly, having donned the mantle of Israel’s responsibility in this respect, they must be His servant people.
********
A Spectacular Viewing of Hale-Bopp
The views of the Hale-Bopp comet (or Herculobus Nibiri as it was known in ancient records) have been nothing short of spectacular. It can be seen in the darkening northwest evening sky at about 20° angle and in the northeast sky before dawn at approximately a 60° angle. Is this the forerunner and messenger of some near-future event? We have been told by our Saviour in Luke 21:25-28, that we are to look up, and lift up our heads for our redemption draweth near. Our heavenly Father always notifies us of some Important change that He is bringing forth according to His Word. It is our duty and responsibility to be alert to the signs of the times. Hale-Bopp was here last when David was sitting on the throne of Israel, It won’t return for 3000 years
1997? Volume 8, Number 3
„„ TqoflFLlTE AND CHRISTIAN
IT IS FUTILE COR AfM AE^ ^ ^ LAU.
TO SAY	lau	of	THE	LAND
JTrXZwn. TtC GRACE OF G00 AM) FIND OUT	LIBERTY
« W | AWS with uvunity.
TO DISREGARD TTC LAWS mi____
7^LAWan^'i®pA*
Given at	hy	mses
gffiSSSS,/ -H* V
JUDGEtoeNTs I CONTAINED 6.i. qcw / c Ordinance? SJhiEFlLI £pn. 2is&
/Minister Fn fa
k
IMKA'LI —raZT0" ffe
1	i	..... n	1111 fes;? -
-• • ■;.*	v,1	•
2 ION
SB AT OB GOVC******
SERMON ON MOUNT
JERUSALEM
ecclesiastical center
calvary’s CROSS
reflections on prayer
Sometimes, when our souls are overwhelmed by sorrow, our prayers lie so deep in our innermost being that we are powerless to articulate them in words. How comforting it is to know that we do not need words to pray prevailingly: "Thou hast heard my voices hide not thine ear at my breathing. [Lamentations 3:56]
The privilege of prayer is one of the most cherished and loved of privileges. Yahweh does answer prayer, and I never venture to criticize His answers. When I finally pass through the valley of the shadow of death, I expect to pass through it in conversation with Him.
[Dr. Grenfell]
We can pray, believe, and receive, or we can pray, doubt, and do without.
Our God has boundless resources. The only limit is in us. Our asking, our thinking, our praying are too small, our expectations are too limited.
PAGE 6
March 1997: Volume 8, Number 3
Antichrist
By Stephen Contrado 12 Park Avenue, Hull, PIA 02045
These are the latter days. The Scriptures describe them. The Scriptures proclainm that the tribes of Israel will be present in these days: "And Jacob called unto his sons, and said. Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days" [Genesis 49:1].
The Book of Daniel, chapters 7 through 12 are apocalyptic visions. With reference to the tribes of Israel, Amos says: "For, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a seive, yet shall not the least grain fall upon the earth" [Amos 9:9].
The New Testament consolidates the truth of the end of history and the final judgment. Accounts appear in Matthew 24, Mark 13, and Luke 21. The Book of Revelation encouraged persecuted Christians who refused to worship Judaism and paganism and suffered martyrdom that Christ and his followers would be victorious over their enemies.
Antichrist is the chief and final enemy. He seeks power and makes humanity worship him. There are various interpretations of what antichrist will be like. Some have believed the antichrist to be the incarnation of Satan. Some have believed the antichrist to be the ultimate evil human in league with Satan. Some have believed the antichrist not to be Satan or a real person but a depraved condition or attitude possessing sinners. And, some have believed the antichrist to be the sytribol of an institution. An example of the latter view depicts Babylon as the end-time system of false worship.
Antichrist will deceive the world and oppose Christ at his second coming. Antichrist is also known as the son of perdition. He is an evil parody of Christ: "Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that •an of sin be revealed, the son of perdition" [2 Thes-salonians 2:3].
Antichrist is a tyrant and he is served by false prophets. These false prophets are called antichrists. John wrote, "Little children, it is the last times: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are many antichrists; uhereby we know that it is the last time" [1 John 2:18]. In the Gospel of John, chapter 17, verse 12, Judas Iscariot is called the "son of perdition."
Another interpretation of antichrist could also be considered# Antichrist is the jews as a collective body# There is much evidence for this view. The Zionists intend to make the Jewish state into a temple that peiverts the Christian faith and destroys western Morsis# Now apostate Christian pastors collaborate with rabbis, and the Talmud is regarded as an equal source
about God's plan as the Christian Bible, although the Talmud has an anti-Christian message. So, many people repudiate the name of God [Yahweh] and Christ.
Jesus knew the identity of the Jews. He said, "Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do" [John 8:44]. Judea was a corrupt and multiracial region in His day. And Judaism was morally bankrupt. Only evil persons would strive to claim and perpetuate this land and religion as their spiritual sources. But that is what the Antichrist demands.
It is wrong and wicked to regard the modern Jews as the ancient house of Judah. The Jews are not a biblical people. They are a non-Ary an race. They are the secret instigators of religious persecutions and international wars. They are the usurers and the financiers cheating people out of their national heritage while colonizing Palestine. They took control of the media, education, entertainment, banking, labor organizations, corporate management, and the justice system everywhere they could and use these institutions for their own interests. Jewry is	a world conspiracy,	not	entitled to
religious toleration. In The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion	and	the Talmud the Jews	wrote their
criminal plans to possess the world and enslave its peoples. Decades of the Zionist movement have conditioned the nations of the world to accept Jewish deceptions. The apologists who work for the Jews are guilty of treason. Christ’s second coming will destroy the Antichrist.	The	words of Jesus	warn Christians
about the Jews	and	advise them to	be	vigilant and
engage in the service of righteousness.
There is nothing in the Bible that benefits you unless it is transmuted into life, unless it becomes a part of yourself, just like your food. Unless you assimilate it and it becomes body, bone and muscle, it does you no good. - Henry G. Weston
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE [l] Israel (Genesis 32:28); [2] Isaiah (8:3); [3] An angel (matthew 1:20-21); [4] Hosea (1:9); [5] An angel (Genesis 16:11); [6] Abraham (Genesis 17:5) [7] Zachar-ias (Luke 1:13); [8] Jeremiah (20:3); [9] Adam (Genesis 5:2); [10] Peter (John 1:42); [11] Lo-ruhamah (Hosea 1:6)| [12] Sarah (Genesis 17:15); [13] David (1 Chronicles 22:9); [14] Hosea (1:4); [15] The angel Gabriel (Luke 1:30-31); [16] His wife (Matthew 27:19); [17] Joel (2:28); [18] Peter, at Pentecost (Acts 2:17); [19] Go ahead and marry Mary, take a different route out of Bethlehem, flee to Egypt and return from Egypt (Matthew 1:18 and 2:23); [20] Nebuchadnezzar (Daniel 4:5-17); [21] A lion, a bear, a leopard and a monster with iron teeth (Daniel 7); [22] Gold, silver, brass and iron (Daniel 2:31-35); [23] A cake of barley bread (Judges 7:13); [24] An understanding heart and good judgment (1 Kings 3:5-10); [25] The pharaoh, his baker, and his butler (Genesis 40-41); [26] Laban, Jacob's father-in-law (Genesis 31:29); [27] Joseph (Genesis 37:2-11); [28] Jacob (Genesis 28:10-15).
PAGE 7
March 1997 j Volunv? 8, Murttoer 3
Th© Virginia Christian Israelite
Grandmother's For Honest Government
ftyra Davis Dippel, President Grandmothers for Honest Government Tyler, Texas 75711
Dear Fellow Americans:
Grandmothers For Honest Government was established for the sole purpose of REFORMING CONGRESS...retiring all Washington Lobbyists...saving our country for our children, grandchildren and posterity.
We recommend and insist on the repeal of the 17th Constitutional Amendment, which reads in part as follows: "The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures.”
Lawmakers possibly had good intentions when they ratified the 17th Constitutional Amendment, April 8, f9T3»* However, they changed the original intent of our founding fathers. Until 1913,* there were no statewide elections for U.S. Senators. According to the framers of our Constitution, the State Legislatures from each state elected two of its most honorable members to go to Washington to represent their respective State in the United States Senate. The United States Senate was to be the strong branch of our government...the safeguard to stop all bad laws. U.S. Senators were responsible and accountable to their State Legislature -answerable for their voting and their actions...subject to recall and replacement at any time a Senator stepped out of line.
The problem today:	Americans	are unaware of the
unique plan our founding fathers had for the United States Senate when they drew up our form of government, -rich gave no place for lobbyists in Washington. Following the ratification of the 17th Constitutional Amendment in 1913, lobbyists have been controlling statewide U.S. Senatorial elections.
Today, U.S. Senators are elected in statewide elections... sounds good...but it has not worked out that way. The statewide U.S. Senatorial elections have opened the door for special interest groups and lobbyists. With the repeal of the 17th Constitutional Amendment, any U.S. Senator could be called home to stand before his State Legislature and give a full account of his voting and his actions. Just think of a U.S. Senator standing before his State's House of Representatives (Legislature) explaining and answering questions as to why he voted for NAFTA or GATT, why he voted to send millions to foreign nations or why he voted to send jobs to other countries.
Any U.S. Senator would almost rather face a den of lions than those critical lawmakers who had sent him to Washington to represent their State in the U.S. Senate. The office of a U.S* Senator is one of the most presti-
gious offices in the land. Every State Legislator will be a better legislator, hoping and looking forward to the day when his State Legislature will send him to Washington as their U.S. Senator. Government will improve on every level when lawmakers are made accountable and replaceable.
Our founding fathers were absolutely brilliant to have come up with this concept. Any citizen could visit or contact his State legislator, who probably lives in the same city or county, or at most, only a few miles away. Now, this legislator would have the complete attention of that U.S. Senator because he is the one who elected him to this most honourable position. This U.S. Senator knows he must be on the best of terms with his State Legislators back home. This would bring government back to the people...the intent of the framers of our Constitution...and lobbyists would have to go to the employment office.
Today, our U.S. Senate could be called the "Million-aires Club” because that is what it is...the rich folks who have little knowledge as to what it would be like to earn a living and pay those high taxes in today's world. Statewide races cost so much, only rich people can afford to run for the U.S. Senate. A U.S. Senator has to raise $6000 every day in the year to finance his next campaign. By repealing the 17th Constitutional Amendment, we will save from $5-to-$50 million dollars for each U.S. Senatorial election and retire more than 9000 lobbyists in Washington.
We, the members of Grandmothers for Honest Government, know that most lawmakers at every level love their country [Ed. they love eating at the public trough] and want to preserve this great land for their loved ones and future generations [Ed. and for their lifelong political careers].
I Between the 17th Amendment and the (non-Federal) Federal Reserve system, 1913 might be considered a banner year for the enemies of this American ration.
#*#*#**#*
The Virginia Christian Israelites
We are often asked where the name Virginia Christian Israelites came from and what it means. The name was established in 1986 when a group of individuals met to form a small ministry. All of these people where of the "Christian” persausion, and were acknowledged to be "Israelites,” and the ministry was established to function in the Commonwealth of "Virginia." To be correct, the words "Virginia" and "Christian" are descriptive adjectives to the word "Israelites," indicating what type of Israelites we are. We are Israelites, located in Virginia and are of Christian persausion, hence the name Virginia Christian Israelites. We consider ourselves to be a "local" ministry operating within the geographic parameters of Virginia, but we do have members and friends throughout the nations of the world.
PAGE 8
March 1997j Volume 8, Number 3
JUg .SfcTUU) It we
OBSERVE AND CELEBRATE? [From Pag* 2j have a responsibility and a ctity' and an
Israelites,
obligation to follow the Lumwands of Yahweh. regarding the celebration of His ordained days of celebration. To follow man's feast or holy days (traditional hol&-| days) is in direct conflict with our God."

*******


PASSOVER - March 23, T99ZI
In 1997, Passover commences at sundown (the end^ c^the day) on Sunday, March 23rd, and ends at sunrs^ (the end of the night) on Monday, March 24th. The Feast of Unleavened Bread begins on March 24th and continues through March 30th. The seven days of this Hebrew efelfebration TODAY, commemorate the death of our Saviour end the glorious celebration of His resurrection and triunph over the grave. On this Passover evening, you Shall read from the 22nd Psalm, foretelling hundreds of years before, how our Saviour would hang on the cross. Thank both the Father and the Son for opening your eyes and know and realize that you have the blessings of Yahweh with you. To ignore the word of Yahweh is sin and disobedience and you do so at your own peril. You are not ignorant - you have been informed and warned!
**********
The Forthcoming Time of Trouble - Luke 21:25
When Jesus Christ talked with His disciples about the signs which would signal the arrival of the end of the age. He mentioned "the sea and the waves roaring" [Luke 21:25]. That this was to be no ordinary disturbance is made quite clear by the accompanying words which describe the bewilderment, or perplexity, amounting to terror, that will seize men and women when they see tne fulfillment of this sign. The import of our Saviour's warning has been all but lost because it has been interpreted to apply simply to boisterous seas and die stormy waves of the ocean. Actually, a far deeper significance is conveyed by its inclusion among those happenings uhich will mark the end of the old order.
The literal rendering from the Greek of this passage in Luke's Gospel Is invaluable: "And on earth anguish of nations in perplexity of a roar of sea and tossing: fainting men from fear and expectation of the things coming on the habitable: for the powers of heaven will be shaken [Luke 21:25 from Wilson's Emphatic Dlaglott]. The King James and other versions translate the Greek word sajLos, rendered "tossing" here, as "waves" and therefore associated in the minds of men with the sea.
Actually, however, this word may be more adequately rendered as a "shaking", "agitation", or "vibration". The word vibration most accurately expresses the sense of our Savrour's words, for it has reference to earth
tremors, or tossings caused by earthquakes, and accompanied by the noise of splitting rocks, sliding land, and churned up, turbulent seas.
Luke is setting forth, perhaps with a somewhat veiled choice of words, the warning of our Saviour that eaHjiquake activity would reach major and disastrous ,Brjpportions as the age approached its end, causing con-J^sternation among all nations. Since the early 1900's, there has been a definite acceleration in the pattern of seismic distrubances and the increase in their intensity has kept pace with the rest of the signs to which Christ referred as marking the end of the age, including the shaking of the powers of heaven (i.e., the splitting of the atom). The roar of the sea is known throughout all the earth, and equally so the noise of earthquakes and their destruction will be heard and experienced by all nations.
The prophets and the apostles have all referred to the day when the earth will experience a time of trouble, not only affecting every aspect of living, but changing the whole face of the physical planet as well. Isaiah declares: "The earth is moved exceedingly. The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard" [Isaiah 24:19-20]. Ezekial states that the severity of this earth shaking will be so intensified that "the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground" [Ezekial 38:20]. John contributes his testimony concerning the frightening effect upon men of such a great earthquake [Revelation 11:13] and he declares in Revelation 16:18 that it will be so violent it will be like nothing that has ever been experienced before since men were upon the face of the earth, "so mighty an earthquake, and so great."
Joel also refers to this mighty earthquake as occur-ing in the day when Yahweh will move against the enemies of His Kingdom: "El Elohim also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the earth shall shake: but El Elohim will be the hope of His people, and the strength of the children of Israel" [Joel 3:16].
What possibly could be the catalyst to set this scenario into action? Could it merely be the shifting of the earth's plates, which have been blamed for the increase in earthquakes? Or possibly is it some cataclysmic happening from beyond the earth? Only time will tell.
As the number of reports of volcanic and earthquake phenomena continue to mount, those who are alert to the meaning of the times and seasons will become more and more aware that we are witnessing the marshaling of all the forces of nature for the final great upheaval that is timed to occur when the climax of judgment brings the present age to its close. Their increase marks the approach of that greater event of which these disturbances are advance signals - even the coming of Him whose Second Advent, Zechariah [Zechariah 14:4-5] associates directly with the actual occurence of the great earthquake itself.