SH
IA CHMSm
* ' *t •-
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round HU1, Virginia 20142
Scotland
4a +
Scandinavia M'i	/;*.v
..‘‘V*1 iVWC1'-',-.-’ * • *'c
, Southern Russia ?
JANUARY 2003: Volume 14, Number 1 'Our 17th year of serving Yahweh our Bod"
\vk\. Greece YfrVfjftj V*a,»r';--?4.5l	wv	rr.</s«5y5-y.!v^
“Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
Israel/
Who is Responsible for the Alien Invasion of this Nation?
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
What we are witnessing today is an "alien invasion" of this nation. While it may be happening in a more subtle manner, it is no different than if some enemy landed troops on our shores. Some may consider my allegation as "un-Christian," but one must investigate the meaning of the word "Christian." Does being a Christian mean that we have to take all peoples into the camp of Israel and thereby pollute and destroy our beliefs, and indeed our very heritage? And what makes this an even more stark reality i« that it ic happening to all of v/hat used to be referred to as "the Israelite nations."
We in the United States are being invaded by much of the Central American nations, Mexico, the African nations, the Caribbean islands, the near east, and the far east. It has been reliably estimated that at the present time there are more than 16 million illegal aliens wandering around this country. This, in addition to the millions who have legally entered from these same domains Why was it necessary for the senior Bush to allow thousands of Iraqi's into the mid-western states after the first Gulf War? Why has the World and the National Council of Churches in conjunction with U S government agencies, brought in thousands of Somali's with no recognized skills. These people have become wards of the state collecting welfare, medicaid, social security supplemental, etc., further draining the resources of our people and our nation. This is not to say that we should "hate" these people, as they are only doing what our liberal politicians allow them to do - invade the country. But why should we continue to place all of the blame on the "fools” WE have elected to public office? Obviously, WE have not chosen knowledgeable and "God-fearing" individuals.
Have you ever considered that if the Almighty did not want such actions and happenings to take place, they would not happen The Scriptures were written to, for, and by Israel They do not speak to any other people They do not mention other peoples except as they may come into contact with Israel. This being the case, can we therefore blame Yahweh-ChxJ for this invasion of our land? There are many preachers today who relate to the Scriptures as something that was only applicable thousands of years ago, thereby discarding many of the lessons of the Old Testament But are these Old Testament lessons and
Scriptures not applicable today? Do we never consider such passages as Exodus 20.1-17 which contain the Ten Commandments0 Those commandments which the Almighty has given in 17 verses and which hold more relevance than the literally hundreds of thousands of pages of "man's laws." So what does God say in His Word?
In Isaiah 1:2-4, we read: Hear, O heavens, and give ear O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, 1 have nourished and
///•»/»»•	/V	'*
i/i	»»	**£/	w**»*»#	W»9	mi^ f§%4i wr/cuxUl/IJI	i	HC	i/A
knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider. Ah, sinful nation, a people laden with inequity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters, they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are gone away backward." In these verses we see that the people of Israel (the Anglo-Saxon, Scandinavian, Celtic, Germanic, and related peoples) have turned away from following God's Word and His Laws. In Isaiah 1:7 we read. Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire; your land, strangers [#5237 nokriy] devour it in your presence, and it is desolate as overthrown by strangers."
In Lamentations 5, we read of what a pitiful state Israel has become, at that time, and today. In verse 2 we hear, "Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens " What do we see today? Further, in Ezekial 7, we read of the desolation of Israel. In Ezekial 6, we are told that judgment will be brought upon Israel for idolatry (1 strongly urge you to read this chapter). The question that should be asked is, "are we any less guilty today than our forefathers were"?
The Covenants that Israel was under in past times are still applicable today and in addition we have the New Covenant which was brought by our Saviour Christ Jesus. This nation, in the past, claimed to be a Christian nation, and yet today we welcome all peoples of all faiths These faiths enjoy the same material benefits as Christianity, our religion, which they strenuously oppose. It should be noted also that "Christianity" in our modem vernacular has become "all-inclusive" with those who have deliberately strayed into the erroneous traditions of man	■ I	(Continued on Page 3)
The Vnainia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / January 2003: Volume 14, Number j
Alternative to Guilt
Sttphea (ontrsdo, Th.M.
11 Park Avtnur, Hulk MA 02045
Cniih has a changing face Many people confuse guilt (self-tmctxm) with sorrow So, it is well worth the effort to study thr difference between these emotions We are sonry when we mourn 1 fed shame over our misconduct, but we feel guilty when we sin Jurists, psychologists, writers, and pastors point can the harm done bv guilt If we can distinguish between pmiM I and true sorrow, we can heal our troubled and divided selves and make amends
| out’ There are at least two kinds of sorrow fcpkled in the Bible The first kind of sorrow (self-pity) is a famdt of desinng wickedness (Psalm 32: 10). The second is said m fee better than laughter and even makes us better by feeling it IpiHMK 7:3). We will examine sorrow in this positive sense gg| cUrt it to guilt (negative sorrow). The Old Testament rhTirirnral the Messiah as someone who would remove the mnom of his people (Isaiah 61:1*3). But he would share their sorrow too The Gospels portray Christ's sorrow. Luke says, "Being in agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as il were great drops of blood falling down to the ground" (Luke 22 44).
Sorrow is not selfish like guilt, but is oriented toward the way others feel and toward improvement. Guilt stems from anger, sorrow from love and frith. Positive sorrow produces repentance without regret in contrast to the "sorrow of the world that produces death" (2 Corinthians 7:8-10).
Past hurts and resistance to forgiveness cripple individuals and personal relationships Feelings of guilt (worry) reflect an ■capacity for moral functioning A bad feeling about not getting the meaningless things we want is not the kind of sorrow that pleases God Guih is an emotion of immaturity, like irrational anger Guilty feelings (anxieties) regress individuals to childhood to reenact an unsuccessful response to failure. Guilt makes man feel inferior and inadequate.
The Bible teaches us to maintain a healthy recognition of our shortcomings, to strive by faith to achieve, and to be concerned for others in our daily walks. It teaches us to confess guilt as the basis of constructive sorrow and virtue, not just to avoid pain and condemnation We can become rightly motivated The Bible was centuries ahead of psychotherapy and modern jumprudence.
Since tne fall of Adam, man has been separated from God by a heavy guilt. The Law awakens our guilt and need for God. The gudt and wn offerings (animal sacrifices) addressed this issue and were designed to effect substitutionary atonement (Leviticus 7 17) but grace as a free gift by frith in Christ's love for ui brings us the hope we need and a full assurance God's grate $ the only power sufficient to remove the guilt of human depravity We are truly sorry (convicted of our sin) when we discover our sins cost Christ his life Jesus was the Lamb without spot or blemish We have been freed from our estrangement to God by his sacrifice on the cross for us, justice was fully executed Outside of Chnst people suffer pangs of guilt and remorse
il, Western today today	teach	that knowledge of
the uiBveriabty of guilt efanunate* it» power and thattkt to overtoil* guilt (ic«) i* to accept and indulge in P"**0'** 1 ho**
win, know l>ow to uu gu.ll nonupuUt. olheirAnd poUueuuw
and the media promote the scam The, madness, deeper depression, and JS
_ .L .A MMragh fft&tsieis ACIVVIA AAtn ■ Iftl   .
M
Aft*/-# > J
<W/ // *■£ M
r--
from ooweriessness and pretended power v/ J fr ^5 the technological progress and good S <r T#JJ| ‘nothing without Christ to restore
ZtSSU a oca-
J? M A
Obey God and stay strong in God'
--------------------------------------------------
"Planet X" - Fact or Fiction? wj
Chuck Kuhler, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelite
In many of the religious newsletters and publications receive, there has been of late, much written about the arrivai^v the so-called "tenth planet," referred to as "Planet X." TV arrival is supposed to take place in May/June of 2003 and cause catastrophic damage to the earth and its inhabitants. This has been the thesis of the book, "Blindsided, the Arrival of Planet X," authored by Mark Hazelwood. It appears that this theory has now led to the formation of several "cult" groups which are practicing some form of study and quasi-religion. Is there any truth to the event and time forecast, or is this merely a commercial venture to sell books for material gain? After the Y2K hoax of two years ago, I view every similar crisis allegation with a suspicious eye, and place my ultimate trust only in the Bible.
1 have read "Blindsided" and all manner of materials on the subject. I have also read several texts on the "polar shift" theory and due to scientific evidence available, I do place some credence on the polar shift idea. Perhaps, what bothers me most with the "Blindsided" text is the lack of scientific data and the widely speculative explanations. And, at this point of time (early January), there does not appear to be anything visible in the cosmos. If the timing is correct, there should now be visible signs to all manner of astronomers.
From a Scriptural perspective, there are a number of verses which portend a cataclysmic event in the heavens, but no man knoweth the day or the hour. May I suggest: Matthew 16:2-3, Matthew 24; Mark 13:3-36 (note verses 6-8); Luke 12.49; Luke a 21:7-36; 2 Peter 3:2-13, and others.
We know that the earth will not be destroyed In Revelation 3:12 and 21:2,10, we are informed of a New Jerusalem coming down from heaven. This has not as of yet occurred In addition, there are other prophecies which have not happened, and before the return of Christ Jesus, these prophecies must be fulfilled
In Luke 21:25-26 we read: "And there shall he signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars,' and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming upon the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken." For men's hearts to fail them for looking after those things which are coming upon the earth, indicates some cataclysmic happening which will visually
affect the sun, moon, and stars, and the seas will be roaring due to the cataclysmic event
We do believe that time is growing short, and that there is "something out there." but we do not endorse or accept the suggested time of May/June 2003. In Mark 13.33 we are admonished to "watch," and in verses 35-37 we find the word "watch” repeated emphasizing its importance With catastrophic conditions of huge tidal waves and winds in excess of 350-400 m p h , and earthquakes and volcanic eruptions, what puny efforts of men will succeed? Put your trust in Divine guidance and protection Pending some great revelation, this article will suffice to put this "Planet X” contention to rest
Tire Virginia Christian Isratlitt / PACE 3 / January 2003: Volume 14, Number 1
m i$ fe
Kf I
•v M I _
~	NS1BLE FOR THE ALIEN INVASION*
MION? (Continuedfrom Page I)
were warned many times about following the false gods other peoples That was the primary reason for God bringing the Assyrians to capture ancient Israel. And approximately 125 vears later. God brought the Babylonians to take Judah captive.
This nation, even prior to its formation in 1776, was truly blessed bv the Almighty. For almost 200 years, with minor exceptions, the blessings of God were showered on this nation, and .America became a shining example of what man can do if he follows the Words of God We read in Psalm 33:12 the most applicable words. "Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD (Yahweh), and the people whom He hath chosen for his cam inheritance. * (NOTE: There is no way that the blessings could Ntaae to the ungodly Talmudic rabble in the Israeli - they do not fit any of the promises).
At the present time, it appears that we have backslidden into die same vices that God punished Israel and Judah for some twenty-seven centuries ago. Churchianity appears to have no affect on the sinful conditions of our people and our government The "church" has become nothing more a supposedly "divine" version of General Motors, and other huge corporations - the "church" has become "big business" with little to do with the word of God. It has as much effect as a neutered dog The preachers know little of what the Word of God has to say. and our seminaries are of more hindrance than help. While the Roman Church makes all sorts of claims to be in the direct lineage of Peter, we find in recent years more than 1500 priests being accused of child abuse and rape of tens of thousands of victims. This church has paid out since 1990 more than 1.5 billion dollars to victims And just where did the Roman church obtain those funds? Weil they were God's funds given by people who thought they were giving to do God's work *
•If you want to read more on this ungodly church and the sexual abuse scandals, I would recommend: "A Gospel of Shame: Children, Sexual Abuse, and the Catholic Church," Frank Brum & Elinor Burkett, Penguin Putnam, 375 Hudson Street, New York, NY 10014; 310 pp, softcover, 2002. The second recommended text is: "Betrayal - The Crisis in the Catholic Church, The Investigative Staff of the Boston Globe, Little, Brown & Co.. New York, NY; 274 pp, hardback, 2002.
Neither of these texts are for the faint-of-hear. They are very descriptive and fully documented as to the situations.
And this does not allow the Protestant churches to claim that they are above suspicion. They have their own problems with adultery and other happenings. And for the Evangelicals and the Fundamentalists who lay claim that the Jews are God's chosen, I guess that they have never read what Jehu asked king Jehoshaphat in 2 Chronicles 19:2, ”...Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and lave them that hate the LORD."
When we view the sinful changes that our people, the churches, and the government have become involved in, is there any wonder why we are being invaded Yahweh God has always used "strangers" to chastise his people when they strayed from His ways We have strayed and we are in the process of being punished Don't ask our Father to bless America, ask Him to have mercy on his stubborn and unregenerate people. If there is ever to be an awakening of the Israel people, now is the time! Such a revival is the only way to save our people from further harm in Isaiah 13:13-16 we are informed "Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place,
in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger. And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land. And every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword." The day will come when the foe shall return to whence they came, but at what cost to Israel?
There is only one immediate solution to our problems and that can be found in 2 Chronicles 7:14: "If my people, which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin and wilt heal their land." But if we will not take the first step and humble ourselves and pray in a sincere way, and turn from our wicked and evil ways, then God will not hear us from heaven, will not forgive our sin, and surely will not heal our land. Perhaps we as a people need even more severe punishment to be meted out before we change our ways.
Why Is The Church Afraid
HENRY HOFMANN, Congregations of Israel
A few months back I decided that I would do something that I had not done for quite a while - I began to visit churches of various beliefs and denominations to see what they were passing on to their attendees at services. I will admit that this was not a study conducted in any scientific manner, but rather a random type of study. I attended a total of 31 services in different churches in the county in which I live.
Of the 31, only three preachers had messages which were interesting and pertinent, while the other 28 presented messages wiiich wue bland and boiing. I found ihai. most messages were on subjects which could never be considered controversial and relevant to modern Israel.
Many of the messages were nothing more than a "history lesson" from the Bible, without anything showing how it relates to matters today. Two messages were on the "proposed" war against Saddam Hussein, which could have been written by the White House speech writers. At some of the services I noticed people with a glaze in their eyes as if they were preparing for an afternoon nap.
Why is this the standard fare for the churches I attended. 1 will admit however that 1 attended each church only once, and perhaps a picked a service which had only a mediocre message, but when considering the total number, I find that difficult to believe
Where are the dynamic preachers speaking out boldly on issues which be of concern to all today? Why are the churches afraid to speak out on controversial issues? Perhaps that is some of the lethargy which the churches seem to endorse It appeared that some of the congregation were content to show up for the 1+ hour service as a matter of rote - something that they were expected to do like some menial job Could this be one of the major causes for the collapse of our Christian ethic in these trying and troubled times? Are the preachers attempting to placate their congregations and not feeing up to the truth of what the Bible really has to say It is like the blind leading the blind and so long as everything stays quiet and peaceful and non-controversiaJ, everyone is happy and content The preacher continues and/or furthers his career and the people feel that they have done their required obescience to God May the blind come to a realization of their errors and feults

an /
•rwmtfft
f*ntn> 4
CHRISTS MTURN IS MOW IMMINENT
jPPM ( hlSS flitf ( imiPSWHHS^ iMMiriM Inwl iWgglg rtlTi-»Ttrn ImSs, I MirteiMi r »*•«*> r IW2)
K(ms Chnsttsm Hifl turn with thit sisiwncni Some will ii and wividft si thf irinrrirv of the writer Man will also wxvitff' t* fht*rp will he some spwiil sftn to alert us for the ocewsor Such, however, are not very familiar with the
Scnrmns	>	.	,
Hq^Ii the I oid Jasus Christ advises us that of that aay \ b«T»rrrt ho man. m, not the angels of heaven, hut my jhtakrr tmh * (Matthee 24 36), vet He goes on and in that same MMMi gives is a sign, declaring "But as the days of Noe |MMl to shall also the coming of the Son of Man be..." (verses §9^421 The nme message is recorded in Luke, to the end that ashHi we we these things come to pass we may be assured that lie owing is near, even at the doors.
Moreover. He adds 1Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot. duty did eat. they drank...But the same day that Lot went amt of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and dhatroytd them all Even thus shall it be in the day when the Sam of mam is revealed" (Luke 17:28-30). Clearly our Lord Jews Christ made it plain, with reference to those historical examples, the disposition and practices of mankind in the world when He would come again
There is a further point to consider, for in verse 31 of Matthew 24 we read how He leaves us in no doubt whatsoever: 'And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet,
M they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other."
So n is dearly written, and so shall that great sound of a trumpet be heard ere long, for, indeed, as were the days of Noah (Genesis 6 1-13) and those of Lot (Genesis 19: 1-28), so Sfcwwse are the days in which we now live. Scorning God's Law te g Levmcus 18 20-22), the abomination of the imaginations of the hearis of mankind cast a stench that rivals those ancient days noted by Christ.
There is no easy or pleasant way of directing attention to the grosi behavior prevalent in our nations today and highlighting those warnings and the imminence of Christ's return Even among the ’'legislature" and those in public office, churchmen and denes. Sodomites grow in strength of numbers. Yet the wtutednett in the heart of man is not confined to such ihawmhie activities (now described as a legitimate lifestyle), pervaraon of all kinds is found in most, if not all, of the nations ■muttons
Let a be made plain The Lord is coming - soon! - to judge the lababnaraI of the earth, and "'judgment must begin at the haute of God and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of thorn who obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous mtarcely be saved where shall the ungodly and sinner appear?* (1 Nut4 17*11)
Wc are ot a people whose tradiuons and history have the 4tn«p of Holy Wm embedded in ha character and we ought to know better than moot the truth and juttifccauon for the
—^	*— u. ^3
iotg/umg Jamal ought to know
better•not just Judah and those

t,f tatorntw^sueu***) alU lew*, bu* «U U* « W* Urn*»tmd) Vm in** ite u«#«dy Urn MM) Bwwan in U* Omyk of tan	iluAjin 19 io 20 ) w ipiiot wet
uufiktrjtM aright	ayj	.__
Ukawiac those who preaume to tdaw&jf
mM> of u* body Of Chrai «
am IB UMM AMWMWa# and by Umbi P*>«“on ■ 7qo6*>Bo*, to Wtow (be *W oT
yncridwn will fad Hu wrath
return of Chri*« ^	of thr stapHl
though He tar u ^ be delayed but H!
They who	H»m,	H«	4
ii,. vi/ ,	*)	end	hear	not C]
tu.	’ ^ by their gross and ill-conceived
me most heinous crimes, will yet learn the « ignoring His Righteous Counsel Even so, we Eg pray for their souls and crave the Lord's mercy ui
Testing Your Bible Knowfe
1.	What prophet of Moab had a talking donkey?
2.	What future king was looking for lost donkeys
into Samuel?
3.	Who gave his irate brother twenty donkeys as a
gesture?
4 What prince was riding a mule when he got his hair
in an oak tree?
5.	Who took his wife and sons and set them on a donkey
when he returned to his boyhood home in Egypt?
6.	What future wife of David rode out to meet him on a donl
when she was pleading for her husband's life?
7.	Who used a donkey to carry wood he was using to sacrif
his son on?
8.	Who sent her servant on a donkey to inform EHsh*1ft&t I
son had died?
9.	What prophet predicted that the Messiah would enter
Jerusalem riding on a donkey?
10.	What is the only Gospel to mention Jesus' riding on a
donkey?
11.	Who accepted an invitation to hide in a tent, and was the
murdered by the woman who invited him?
12.	What famous ship captain lived in a tent?
13.	What, in the dream of a Midianite soldier, tumbled into the
Midianite camp and flattened a tent?
14.	Who took spoils from the fallen Jericho and buried them
inside his tent?
15.	Who took his wife to his mother's tent on their wedding
night?
16.	Who was "the father of such as dwell in tents"?
17.	Who stored Goliath's armor in his tent?
18.	What tent was made according to God's specifications?
19.	Who plundered the tents of the Syrians after the army fled
their camp?
20.	Who commanded his descendants to always live in tents? 21 Who pitched a tent in Jerusalem to house the ark of the
covenant?
22.	Who killed an Israelite man and a Moabite woman inside
the man's tent?
23.	Who lived in tents in the wilderness of Sin?
24.	Who did Noah say would dwell in the tents of Shem?
25	What rebel against David said, "Every man to his tents,
O Israel"?
26	What prophet said, The Lord shall save the tents of
Judatr?	gpr	|
27	What king were the people of Israel rebelling against when
they said. To your tents. O tsraer?
29 Who compares her dark skin to the blackness of the "tents of UtriarT
29 What prophet saw "the tents of Coshen in aflltctton"?
(Pteese §§£ the answers on Page 9 of this newsletter)
y j?

111
?	fcood	Fish	-	Bad	Fish
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5 / January 2003: Volume 14, Number 1
by Chief (via e-mail) Columbia. KY
’Again the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind: Whtch when it was full. they drew to shore, and sat dram, end gathered the good into vessels, hut cast the bad away\ So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth. and sever the wicked from among the just. And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall he wailing and gnashing of teeth."
away into heaven I have to wonder what they are thinking when they pray (if they pray) "...thy kingdom come, thy will he done on earth..." Remember, the meek shall inherit the earth' The statement by the Christ "but unto them it is not given" is applicable at the present time. When the time comes, however. His sheep will hear His voice They will believe and they will follow.
"And the disciples came, and said to him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables? He answered and said unto them. Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given." (Matthew 13:10-11).
The tune for the fulfillment of this parable is stated very definitely to be the end of this present age. The term "the end of the world" is more correctly "the end of the age." I believe that almost all students of Bible prophecy agree that we are now living in the closing days of the present age.
The nation which is to be the beginning of the Kingdom of God on earth must be a nation now in existence. It must be a nation with every kind of citizen in its mist, and it must have a sense of being "full" - or being concerned about the immigration into it, legal or otherwise. It must be a nation that will be forced to cast the bad fish (people) out of its borders by practicing deportation. It must also be a nation where people, both good and bad, desire to live because at the time the bad are deported or denied entrance, they raise a great cry of protest and become very angry. That is what is meant by "wailing and gnashing of teeth"
The angels (Strong's #32 - a messenger, by implication a pastor) that sever, or remove, the wicked from among the just could be either heavenly or earthly messengers, or both, as I have pointed out before. As things get progressively worse in our nation, people will realize that the "strangers" among us have to go When we realize that we cannot solve the problems on our own, when we as a people call out to God, He will answer. The "bad fish" which include those that commit the majority of crime, and those behind the socialist, antichrist programs will be returned to their own lands as prophesied in Isaiah 13:13 -14: " Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger. And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land."
When scripture speaks about shaking the heavens and the earth, a new heaven and a new earth, it is speaking of systems, powers and governments That which is unshakable, that which is of God, will remain. It is essential that we recognize this parable, like all the others, refers to the Kingdom of God on earth To try and spiritualize it into meaning the church, or some far away place in the sky, does damage to the word of God T he true, and only church of God, is of a higher order than the kingdom The church will rule in the kingdom with the King, the Lord Jesus it is difficult for me to understand how anyone can believe that there are "bad fish" or "tares" in Heaven (wherever that may be), which will be removed at the end of the age
Many will refuse to accept this They have been taught, and have believed all their life, that they will go to heaven when they die if they are alive at the end, they expect to be "raptured"
THE CALL
Michael D. Passmore
Can You Hear?
Can you hear the Voice that calls,
Its sound whispers ever so softly?
Can you hear? Can You hear the call? The call our forefathers heard, the call our fathers surrendered to?
Can You Hear?
Can you hear the Word that is our God, our promise-keeping Father?
Can you Hear?
Can you hear the call that only comes once? The call that comes from above,
The call that is spoken ever so softly? Can you Hear?
Can you hear as the caller says,
"My people hear my voice and I know them, and they follow me."
Can you Hear?
Can you hear the call that whispers FOLLOWME?
EDITORIAL COMMENTARY
With this issue of The Virginia Christian Israelite, we are commencing our seventeenth year of publication It is difficult to remember that seventeen years ago we were publishing and distributing 30 copies per month (in Virginia), as contrasted to 2,563 worldwide for this January 2003 issue We know that Yahweh our God has given His approval to our efforts on His behalf.
*******
Please remember to check the date on your mailing label if one is present. You must notify us by that month/year that you wish to continue receiving the newsletter. If you fail to do so, our label production system will automatically drop your name from the list.
*******
The article in the November newsletter, "What God Do You Worship," has been expanded and published in tract form by The Congregations of Israel. Also, a newly revised tract, *Can Anything Be Judeo-Christian," has been published Another tract, "Why Did Christ Say He Had Come" was published in December of 2002. The Congregations of Israel has prepared a new listing of available publications, a copy is included in this newsletter and which are available on request These are not available to those on the prison ministry list except COl groups
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 6 /January 2003 Volume ,4, Nu
1
The Price Of Israel
B\ Charley Reese** Syndicated Columnist* 12-18-02
The Christian Science Monitor published in its December 9 edition a story about Thomas Stauffer, a consulting economist, who said recently that the total cost of U.S. support for Israel since 1973 is SI 6 trillion, or twice the cost of the Vietnam War.
This is relevant because the Israelis have just demanded from the U.S. taxpayers another $4 billion to cover the cost of their oppression of the Palestinians as well as an $8 billion loan guarantee
Ladies and gentleman, there isn't a state in the union that is not facing a financial crisis, and if the U.S. government caves in yet again to the Israeli lobby on this matter, it will be prima facie evidence of mass insanity or of the worse corruption since the administration of Ulysses S. Grant.
Stauffer made his speech in a lecture commissioned by the U.S Army War College for a conference at the University of Maine. He has converted past aid into 2001 dollars and counts this cost as follows:
Israel has been given $240 billion (remember, this is current dollars), while Egypt has been given $117 billion and Jordan $22 billion as bribes for signing a peace treaty with Israel.
In 1973, when the Arabs attacked Israel in an effort to recover territory taken by Israel in the 1967 war, U.S. support for Israel triggered the oil embargo. This, according to Stauffer, kicked off a recession that cost $420 billion of output; the boost in oil prices cost $450 billion; the necessity to build a strategic oil reserve, another $134 billion.
He points out that the United States has already guaranteed $10 billion in commercial loans to Israel and $600 billion in housing loans, and he expects the U.S. Treasury will end up paying for all of these. He goes on and on listing more costs, direct and indirect. Israel for example, is the only recipient of foreign aid allowed to spend a sizable percentage of the money on Israeli products rather than American. It's the only country from which our defense contractors are required to buy a certain amount of Israeli-made equipment. It is the only foreign country that gets its aid in a Jump sum and then invests it in U.S. bonds so that taxpayers not only make an annual gift to Israel but also have to pay Israel interest on that gift.
The fact is that the Israeli government and its powerful lobby have taken advantage of the good-heartedness of the American people. The Americans are generous, but never generous enough to satisfy Israeli demands for more of our people’s hard-earned tax dollars.
It is one thing to provide emotional support. It is one thing even to guarantee coming to the defense of another country if it is attacked It is quite another to undertake the permanent subsidy of a foreign country, something our federal government does not even do for its states. We have all kinds of problems in the United States that need attention It's time to tell the Israelis
"We can no longer afford you.*
I highly recommend that you read the complete story in the Monitor It should open your eyes to a problem that will not be fixed unless the American people make their voices heard in
Washington
If we are going to be forced to subsidize a foreign country, I would rather it be France We can at least get a decent meal in France and enjoy the art treasures collected there Furthermore, France would not involve us in its quarrels

w
It's America’s policy 0f absow Israel's cruel treatment of the PalestP X * our problem with terrorism We stand**1* \ the Muslim world of practicing a doubles^ Israel’s human-rights violations and pT^ international sanctions. That, too, is a American people can no longer afford to pay.
© 2002 by King Features Syndicate, inc
A QUESTION FOR CHRISTIANS
I Please tell us why, if as you say, the Jem are\ God's Chosen, especially selected and protected \
| by Him, why is it that you strive to "convert" \ them to Christianity? Surely it would be more s logical to convert Christians to Judaism, since j I this is the religion of Godfs elect (according at ■ J least to Fahvell, Robertson, Van Intpe\ Swaggert, a i I many others). I mean, why knock a good thing? If j the Jews are what you say they are, loved by j I God, His own special people, why try to change j them? After all, IF they are God's people, then j \ surely we must convert to what they believe?
\ And since they do not believe in Jesus Christ, j | and in fact put Him to death, why do you waste *
| your time trying to change them, when in the j light of what you say, you should be»
"converting" the misled Christians to Judaism? I
Are the Jews Going to Rebuild Herod's Temple?
The late Bible translator Scofield, and many others, teach that the Jews are going to rebuild Herod's Temple after being back in the holy land. (You will note that 1 said Herod's Temple, as the so-called wailing wall are the remains of Herod's Temple, not the remaim of the temple built by King Solomon.) They have been in the land for fifty-five years and while there has been much "talk," you see nothing happening.
There are no prophecies for Esau that overturn God's word for him in the Book of Obadiah. The Christian community gets this idea of the temple being rebuilt from Ezekial, but while Isaiah is in chronological order, Ezekial is not. It is made up of 13 sections, and they are out of order in your Bible. Go by the dates given. The veiy last thing Ezekial prophesied is chapter one. Once the student puts these sections in the proper order, most of the prophecies and expectations of the Scofield "cult" are found to be in error. Who is the spokesman of the Scofield "cult" now that Scofield and his close associates have died? It is the organization known as the National Association of Evangelicals, whose best known spokesman is Billy Graham Therefore, it must be asked, since Christ Jesus was the last sin sacrifice for the Atonement of Israel, why would "true Israel1 need to set up the temple sacrifices all over again? To do so negates the blood sacrifice made by Christ Jesus for our redemption, the redemption of Israel It is time that "churchianity" and the career-oriented preachers read the holy Scriptures for their message of truth, and stop adding the traditions which will "offend” no person or religion
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 7 / January 2003: Volume 14, Number 1
The	Congregations of	Isnael
Listing of currently available publications
as of January 1, 2003 •
Title Booklets:	Lenath	Available From	Status
A Synopsis of the Migrations of Israel, Filmer	16 pages	COI	Available
The Tares Have Risen Above the Wheat, Niemela	6 pages	COI	Available
Israel, Judah and the Jew, Lauritz Larsen	16 pages	COI	Available
The Sons of God, Comparet	10 pages	COI	Available
Israel’s Fingerprints, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
Lost Foundations, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
Why Did Christ Come?, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
The Day of Vengeance, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
Humanism In The Modem Church, Kennedy	12 pages	COI	Available
Was Jesus Christ A Jew, Comparet	8 pages	COI	Available
Israel, Judah and the Jew, Larson'	18 pages	COI	Available
Gathering the Tares, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
The Mystery of Good and Evil, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
Who Are The Gentiles?, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
With Healing In His Wings, Comparet	4 pages	COI	Available
When Was The Garden of Eden, Kennedy	20 pages	COI	Available
The Watchman, Comparet	12 pages	COI	Available
The Missing Years in the Life of Jesus the Christ	12 pages	COI	Available
The Kingdom Message, Orr	5 pages	COI	Available
Isaiah's Job, Nock	12 pages	COI	Available
The Strangest Alias in History, Coffin	6 pages	COI	Available
Seizing the LORD'S Inheritance, Brown		COI	Available 3/2003
Papers: The Two Most Misapplied Verses in the			
New Testament, Kennedy	12 pages	COI	Available
Is Israel A Servant Race			
To Save The World, Kennedy	16 pages	COI	Available
The Sabbath Question, Pastor Frank Dowsett	4 pages	COI	Available
A Discussion Paper: The Faith of the "Church”	2 pages	COI	Out-of-Stock
Balaam's Doctrine, Kennedy		COI	Available 3/2003
Should A Christian Vote for a Non-Christian	18 pages	COI	Available
The Writing of the King James Version of the Bible 12 pages		COI	Available
A Scriptural Discussion Paper: A BIBLICAL/			
MEDICAL INTRODUCTION TO RACIAL DIFFERENCES	10 pages	COI	Revision - Available 3/2003
Media Misrepresentation of Interracial Crime	1 sheet	COI	Available
Differences in Races Are Not Just Skin Deep	1 page	COI	Available
Bible Study Lessons for Children: Series 1: (20 lessons and maps) Series 2-5 will be		COI	Available only from member
available in summer of 2003			ministries of COI.
Series 2: (20 lessons)		COI	Available 5/01/03
Bible Study Coloring Pages*			Available in photo-master format
(Old Testament 62 lessons)	124 pages	COI	from COI member ministries
Bible Study Coloring Pages*			Available in photo-master format
(New Testament 57 lessons)	114 pages	COI	from COI member ministries
• These are available on 244 bnght white paper in a photo-maater format It is recommended that ministnes make copies from the photo-masters at a local copy shop or pnnter tor individual use, saving the photo-master We reserve the nght to restnct and limit these matena/s
Th* Virqmia Christian	Israelite/ PACE8/January 2003: Volume 14, Number 1
rate
Tracts:
Could You Be An Israelite and Not Know It?
The Marks of Israel in Scripture ’Bom-Agam,,Hsm
A Study on the Lord’s Prayer from Matthew 6:5-13
You Are What You Eat ..The Scriptural Food Laws
The Gift That Changed the Preacher
The Truth About Halloween
What ”God” Do You Worship
Why Did Chnst Say He Had Come
Length
1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet 1 sheet
Available From Status
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Posters (8-1/rxir) for Framing:
Psalm 91 (on parchment)	qqj
A New Parent's Prayer (full color)	qqi
Why God Made Little Boys (on parchment)	COI
Why God Made Little Girls (on parchment)	qqi
Do Dogs Go To Heaven (in color)	Vqj
The Rainbow Bridge (companion animals) (full color)	VC	I
A Man and His Dog (in color)
If A Dog Were Your Teacher (on parchment)	VCI
Worship Services:
The Worship Service	10	pages	COI
The Worship Service with Holy Communion	10 pages	COI
A Parent-Child Dedication Service	8	pages	CO I
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Available
Pastor's Edition Special Services (COI only):
The Worship Service	22	pages
The Worship Service with Holy Communion	27 pages
The Crucifixion (for use with Passover Services)	10 pages
A Parent-Child Dedication Service	8 pages
A Celebration of Christian-lsraelite Marriage	16 pages
A Service of Ordination to the Ministry of God	16 pages
A Memorial and Remembrance Service with Gravesite Committal	21	pages
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
COI
for COI Pastors only for COI Pastors only for COI Pastors only for COI Pastors only for COI Pastors only for COI Pastors only
for COI Pastors only
Companion Animal Ministry: A Biessing Service for Companion Animals	4 pages	VCI
A Biessing Service for Companion Animals	10 pages	VCI
A Memorial Service for Companion Animals	4 pages	VCI
A Memorial Service for Companion Animals	10 pages	VCI
Hymnal: Singing Unto Our God A Song of Praise	100 hymns	COI
Available
Available to Ministries only Available
Available to Ministries only
Special Order - Being Revised
Newsletters:
Trie Virginia Christian Israelite (monthly newsletter) 8-10 pages	VCI
The Flame and the Cloud (COI periodic newsletter)	COI
Available on request COI ministries only
NOTE: From time-to-time, and as funds allow, we will be adding to this list of publications If you have some matenals which you feel would be of benefit to others, we would appreciate receiving a copy for publication consideration We do not place a price on any of the materials in this listing as we do not feel It right and appropriate to "sell" the Word of God. We do reserve the right to limit and resthct distribution of all matenals Priority consideration will be given to affiliate members of the Congregations of Israel The materials currently produced by The Virginia Chnstian Israelites (with the exception of the newsletter and the Companion Animal Program) will be transferred to the auspices of The Congregations of Israel when revision and repnntmg are scheduled
THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES	THE	CONGREGATIONS OF ISRAEL
P. O. Box 109, Round Hill, VA 20142 USA	P.	O.	Box 94, Round Hill, VA 20142 USA
>>>>>>>
<<<<<<<
0	ft B ft © © 0
S S © © ©il
1	or mmSwM
© © p © ® ®
19
f
©
TJ.e Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 9 / January 2003: Volume 14, Number I
The Dual Standards of War
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
ydd For the "Ungodly"
Brooks Alden
^Association of The Covenant People, Burnaby, BC Canada
J&pite Israel's intrusion into the West Bank and the bad press fhev are getting around the world, one group's loyalty not only hasn't wavered but also is growing. In this August 15th National Post article entitled "Apocalyptic beliefs fuel Christian support for Israel," by ]an Cienski, we learn how rapid the support is growing Washington - At a time when Israel is increasingly be-leaguered and bloodied, its strongest political and financial backing is coming from evangelical Christians, many of whom believe the Jewish state has to be supported so Jesus Christ can return. The level of Support is startling and is growing rapidly. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, a Chicago-based group headed by Canadian-born Rabbi Yechiel Eckstein and funded mainly by evangelical churches, has raised US$60-million for Israel in the past seven years. Last month, U.S. evangelical congregations raised US$2-million to help about 400 U.S. and Canadian Jews emigrate to Israel. Last weekend, Christian television stations across the United States held a five-hour telethon to raise money for the victims of suicide bombers in Israel. And on October 20th, Rabbi Eckstein's group hopes to gather 100,000 churches and a million Christians for a day of prayer and solidarity with Israel.
The Bible tells us not to be unequally yoked but obviously, our churches think otherwise and are raising millions of dollars that could be spent evangelizing our brethren here in North America, brethren that have fallen away so far from Jesus Christ.
*******
COMMENTARY The entire concept of supporting those of the Jewish beliefs in the Israeli is one that was introduced by the Talmudists for their own financial benefit, and "sold" to many so-called Christian preachers. I use the word "sold" as financial support for many of the Christian Churches comes from Jewish sources. Don't you find that a little odd? As a result those of the clergy (modem day Judas's) rabidly support the Talmudists who not only receive funds as listed above, but billions of taxpayer dollars from the duped politicians. An investment of a few millions yields dividends of billions. (Oy, what an investment!) Judaism is a belief that opposes Christianity. There can be no such thing as the word Judeo-Christian (hyphenated) unless it is some "new" religion in a constant state of conflict. When you encounter some of those Christians (and clergy) who support the Israeli, perhaps you ought to ask them the question found on Page 6 of this edition, and note their confused answer. It is sad that our people never study the word to see what the Bible teaches and that includes the Christian clergy as well.
Answers to Testing Your Bible Knowledge (from page 4) (1) Balaam, Numbers 22:21*33; (2) Saul, 1 Samuel 9:1-6; (3) Jacob, Genesis 32:13-18; (4) Absalom, 2 Samuel 18:9; (5) Moses, Exodus 420; (6) Abigail, 1 Samuel 25:20; (7) Abraham, Genesis 22:1-3; (8) The Shenumite woman, 2 Kings 4:18-32; (9) Zechariah, 9:9; (10) Matthew, 21:1-9; (11) Sisera, Judges 4:17-21; (12) Noah, Genesis 9.21; (13) A cake of barley, Judges 7:13-14; (14) Achan, Joshua 7:21; (15) Isaac, Genesis 24:67; (16) Jabal, Genesis 4:20; (17) David. 1 Samuel 17:54; (18) The tabernacle, Exodus 26:1-4; (19) The Samaritans, 2 Kings 7:3^ 16; (20) Jonadab, Jeremiah 35:6-10; (21) David, 1 Chronicles 15:1; (22) Phineas - Aaron's grandson, Numbers 25:6-8; (23) The Israelites, Exodus 33:10; (24) Japheth, Genesis 9:27; (25) Sheba, 2 Samuel 20:1; (26) Zechariah, 12:7; (27) Rehoboam, 2 Kings 12:16; (28) The woman in the Song of Solomon, 1:5; (29) Habakkuk, 3:7.
As this is being written, the Bush administration continues to move closer and closer to a war with Iraq. This in spite of the vast majority of citizens who are not convinced that such a war is necessary, and that perhaps the administration is not being completely truthful on the matter
Why is it so important that we concentrate on Iraq and forget about other potential states? Is it because Iraq may be a threat to the Israeli, who have also ignored many so-called U.N resolutions and who have obtained weapons of mass destruction possibly as a result of either spying on the U.S. or having been given secret information by the U.S.? What about Pakistan and India who have achieved nuclear status at tremendous expense while millions of their citizens live in abject poverty and misery? What about North Korea where the U.S. negotiated in 1992 to provide food for their starving people if they would cease their weapons program. Once again we are having a treaty thrown in our face - will we as a nation ever learn?
Is it perhaps that Bush is supporting a falling economy with a possible war against Iraq? Is all of this "homeland security chatter" real or a device to put "fear" in the hearts of our people? We haven’t seen any "terrorism" since 9-11 and even that has its element of suspicion and question. Every other week we change from "code yellow" to "code orange" and we are constantly being warned that some "questionable people" have sneaked across either our northern or southern border. Have they really? Why weren't they stopped at the border? In spite of all the expenditures and claims, obviously our borders are like a sieve.
We are never going to totally eliminate "terrorism." This concept has been with us for thousands of years. This is just another so-called war, like the war on poverty, the war on cancer, the war on illiteracy, that America will lose. We will spend billions of dollars and perhaps countless lives in an effort that is doomed before it even starts.
Why don't we treat all of the nations that have, or are trying to achieve weapons of mass destruction status, the same? We violate our own laws when we provide extensive aid to the Israeli. Our laws state that no nation who pursues nuclear status will receive any aid from us. Is it that we look the other way when it come to the Jews? That lopsided bias is why we as a people and a nation are hated by the rest of the world. And that also includes some of our so-called "friends" and allies.
Evidently George Bush is under the control of the Israelis. Could it be that the ungodly ones have some sort of evidence that they may be holding over our president to force him to do their bidding. One does wonder.
This is not to say that Saddam Hussein is a good man Surely he has been involved in some evil deeds, but has he done anything against America? Forget the propaganda that the media spews out to direct Americans attention to what the Israeli seeks from the American government
And to those evangelical and fundamentalist Christians who feel that the Jews can do no wrong, please answer the question to be found in the box on Page 6 of this issue
If we really want to start to eliminate terrorism, perhaps we ought to start in the White House and with the dual-citizenship political advisors. "For they have sown the wind and they shall reap the whirlwindi [Hosea 8:7]. Pray for peace and guidance