THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITE
ciiiixr^ .
The News tetter of Virginia Christian Israelites
Pott Office Box 109 « Round Hill, Virginia 22141 [j[rmjr^
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for ay people, Israel• and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own* and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict then anymore as beforetime.* (II Samuel 7:10)
Migrations of The Tribes of Israel
Judea
^	ARE	THERE	ANY	JUDAHITES	LEFT	IN JEWRY?
Pastor Chuck Kuhler
Virginia Christian Israelites, Round Hill, Virginia
life are being constantly informed, by both Jewish and Christian theologians, that the Jews are the "so-called chosen of God", and for this reason we should make special exceptions for them. Whether these "experts" are non-literate or illiterate of the factual truths makes little or no difference to the final result, they are guilty of gross deceptions. Indeed, we are constantly being bombarded from many parties about "our Judeo-Christian ethic and heritage". In truth, Judaism and Christianity are diametrically opposite and opposed in nature. JudaismTs highest authority is the (Babylonian) Talmud as contrasted to the Holy Bible of Christianity. We did not get our Bible and religion from Judaism.
Most all of you have heard reference to the "lost ten tribes of Israel" - those ancestors who were taken captive by the Assyrian empire in the years just prior to 721 B.C. They were removed from their Palestinian homeland (the northern kingdom) and resettled by the Assyrians in the area around the southern end of the Caspian Sea [sees 2 Kings 17 and 18]. Into the former lands of Israel, with its capital of Samaria, the Assyrians brought strangers from other lands [sees 2 Kings 17s24]. Does this mean that the tribes of Judah and Benjamin, with some of the Levites, was left to occupy the southern kingdom in Judea? That is what many of the "experts" would have you believe, but it is untrue. The campaign against the northern kingdom of Israel was conducted over a period of years culminating in the final outcome by 721 B.C. This did not stop the Assyrian army however because we in 2 Kings 18s13 we read: "Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the fenced [fortified] cities of Judah, and took them."
This means that a substantial portion of the inhabitants of the southern kingdom of Judea (the tribes of Judah, Benjamin, and some of the Levites) were also taken into captivity and removed to the same area as their kin from the northern kingdom of Israel.
Now modern Jewish and Christian theologians don't like to admit to this fact as it in essence portends to
the "lost twelve tribes", in which instance, there is no room left for the Jews. It was over a century later that Jerusalem and its residents was taken captive by Nebuchadnezzer of Babylon, and almost in total removed to captivity in Babylon for a period of 70 years as prophesied by Jeremiah. After this period of 70 years, some of these captives, numbering 42,360 plus 7,337 servants (non-Israelites?) returned to Jerusalem to rebuild the city [see: Ezra 2]. Their descendants, (a remnant of Judah, Benjamin and Levi who were later erroneously known as Jews) lived in this area until 70 A.D. when the Roman general Titus sacked and destroyed Jerusalem. At this point, the "jewish nation" ceased to exist and this remnant became wanderers. There is much speculation that inbreeding with none-Israelite stock had already polluted the Israelite lineage by the time of Jesus the Christ walking this earth. The returnees from Babylon brought back with them the book known as the "Traditions of the Elders" or what we now know as the Babylonian Talmud. This in itself reveals the corrupted nature of the people returning from Babylon.
UJe have no further Biblical record of the movements of the ten (or twelve) lost tribes except for a reference found in the Apocrypha in 2 Esdras 13:39-46 and references indicated in James 1:1; John 7:35} Hosea 1:10} 1 Peter 1:1} Matthew 10:6, among others. H do know the writings of Pliny the Elder (a Roman
(Continued on Page 2)
PACK 2
October 1995, Volume 6, W/mber 3
WE !Har» ANY JUDAHITES UFT TN JEWRY (from Page 1) historian) and Flavius JosophUi (a Jewish historian), contemporaries in the period of 29 to 79 A.D. hava made reference to these lost peoples of Israel, but no one has ever made reference to the destruction of Israel, and since Yahweh's promises to Abraham, Isaac, Jacob-Xsrael, and David were UNCONDI1luNAL in nature, we know that Israel continues to exist.
Now let us consider what our Saviour, Jesus the Christ had to say about the reasons for His coming and the "Jews" of His time.
In Watthew 15:24, Jesus said: "I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel".
In John 10:14,26,27: "I am the good shepherd, and know Ply sheep, and am known of Wine", "But ye believe . rat frame you are not of my sheep, as I said unto you. Ply sheep hear Ply voice, and I know them and they faLLow me." This from the mouth of our Saviour would indicate that these "Jews" were not of His sheep (hence 9K9t part of the tribes of Israel). Jesus Christ does not say that their unbelief keeps them from being of His sheep. He is saying just the opposite, that the reason they do not believe is that they are not of His sheep - the house of Israel!
Without going into great detail and specifics, I would like mention the premise of Arthur Koestlerjs "The Thirteenth Tribe". Around 800 A.D., the Khazar Empire adopted Judaism as a state religion. Perhaps that is the reason for so many Jews in the eastern European sphere. This empire flourished from the seventh to the eleventh century, until it was destroyed by Genghis Khan, and evidence exists that the Khazars themselves migrated to Poland and formed the cradle of Uestern Jewry.
dhy is it that so much greed and corruption and declining moral values centers around modern Jewry? Does it make sense that the great white-collar criminal actions of recent years revolves around Jews? Does it matter that so much of the garbage and filth emanating from Hollywood these days is from Jewish sources? Does it seem odd that our media (whether broadcast or print) is so slanted to one side and more commentary in nature than reporting of news, and controlled by the Jews? Can you really believe that these people are part of our Israelite family (supposedly the chosen of God)? Is it because these people are Jews in name only • . • when it is fashionable or correct to be so? Khazar Jews are not Israelites! They have adopted Judaism as a religion and are not blood Israelites, and Khazer Jews outnumber Sephardic Jews by about 12*1 *
Could Yahweb-God really mean and intend that these peoples who defy all of His words be a special people, or a peculiar treasure? Or, are these false Jews really imposters, usurping what really pertains to others? The word "Jew" is a semi-slang term for Judahite, a descendant of Judah, one of the twelve sons of Jacob-Israel, the son of Isaac, the son of Abraham [in other words a great-grandson of Abraham]. This being the case it is very difficult to understand how the name "Jew" [Judahite] could be given to Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob*
Israel and to all of the descendants of the other sons of Jacob. This surely is a misapplication of the word.
Who was Jesus Christ speaking to in John 8:39 when he said "If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham", and continuing in verses 41 and 42: "Ye do the deeds of your father. •• If God were your Father, ye would love me* for I proceeded forth and came from God, neither came I of Plyself, but He sent Pie". And most importantly in John 9:44 where Christ said: "Ye are of your father the devil [adversary], and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own, for he is a liar, and the father of it". [I recommend you reading all of John 8].
Then there is the condemnation found in Revelation 2:9: "...and I know the blasphemy [slander] of them which say they are Jews [Judahites], and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan", and also in Revelation 3:9 which says: "Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews [Judahites], and are not, but do lie...".
Now to the original question:	ARE	THERE	ANY
JUDAHITES LEFT IN JEWRY? When you consider some of the reprehensible things done by those who call themselves "Jews" but are not and do lie, it is hard for us to believe and concede that they are "true Judahites". It is easier to believe and understand that the Kenites and Edomites have usurped our name and God. It will do them no good as they are of the seed of Satan. The use of the name "jew" no longer is a semi-slang word for Judahite. The mixed multitude of Jewry today does not reflect the tribe of Judah, nor the chosen of Yahweh.
I think that it is safe to claim that there are no longer any Judahites in Jewry. The [Babylonian] Talmud makes a mockery of Yahweh-God and God is not to be mocked.
A FURTHER CONSIDERATION
Have you ever thought about the problems facing our people and our Israel nations today? Have you ever considered who was supporting, promoting and advancing these problems? From our usury banking systems to our governmental welfare programs, to our foreign aid to all sorts of heathen, to our total committment to the anti-Christian nation of the Israeli, to the total debauchment of the family life, to the pornography that is growing all over the nation?
Surely this decline in our moral values and our committment to Yahweh and to His Son, our Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ, could not have "just happened". It is difficult to comprehend, but this decline has become epidemic in the past forty years, and the questions raised are entitled to some answers. Consider who could be behind this debacle. The overall answer is obvious!
We, being descendants of Shem, are not anti-semitic, as that would mean being against ourselves. To those who cry out that we are anti-semitic, we need only consider the text of Revelation 2:9 and 3:9. Remember that those who accuse us of anti-semitism are lists, but they are also anti-Jesus Christ [anti-Christian]. Amen.
PARK
3
October 1995* Volume 6# Number 3
The Virginia Christian Israelite
Pertinent Topics
CRTIC AND CRIMINAL ACTIVITY Crime and criminal activity, and especially ’’violent criminal acts” are a special concern of most people in our nation today* Although we are not going to consider anything beyond the criminal scope in the United States it should be realized that the same or similar conditions are prevalent all across the world. The reason that it is more fully recognized in the "Israelite na-[Europe, Canada, Great Britain, Australia, the United States, New Zealand, Scandinavia, and parts of South Africa], is that it is in stark contrast to our culture and heritage*
In our urban areas [major cities] the crime problem is of epidemic proportions with people fearing for their lives and possessions on a continuing basis. The elderly dare not be caught out after dark. The affluent live in specificly defined geographic areas with high-rise protection, security guards, fences and walls, as well as all manner of technological apparatus. The elderly have four or five locks on their doors and live the status of "prisoners" in their abodes. In spite of the efforts of political entities, the middle class [mostly white, with a small minority representation], have fled to the suburbs surrounding the cities where they have mainly a "false sense of security". They are slowly coming to realize that their "secure paradise" is not so. Perhaps these suburban families so involved in their materialistic lives are the most vulnerable to violent changes. What they did not realize in moving to suburbia, was that crime would shortly follow them. After all, a criminal bent on theft will go where they find it most profitable and easy to steal.
Many Christian Israelites sit in their homes and shake their heads in sympathy while watching the nightly news program talking about some murder, rape, or violent assault. For the most part they are rather apathetic as they feel somewhat isolated from this violent life and behavior. So many are not at all in favor of the death penalty, so we must continue to either build new prisons, or have these "violent ones" back on the street in short order. Have YOU ever spent any time in a counseling session with parents who have lost a son or daughter to heathen violence? Have YOU ever talked to a young Israelite woman who was brutally violated and raped by a heathen, and listened to her talk about the continuing physical and mental pain, the anguish and disgust of the happening. Consider having to walk in these shoes for the rest of your life, and then say that you would disagree with Yahweh's law as found in Deuteronomy 22122-291 Exodus 20*13,15; Matthew 19*18; Exodus 22*1-4.
In 1987, the Virginia Christian Israelites became involved in a Prison Ministry Program, essentially to minister to inmates incarcerated in the Commonwealth of Virginia at various and sundry local and state correctional facilities. This has truly been an enlightening
and difficult experience. At first, it was only our pastors and deacons who were subjected to harassment when visiting the institutions. It is not very pleasant to be referred to as a "white racist" and subjected to "strip searches" when attempting to bring the kingdom message to those seeking this message. Here in Virginia we have a preponderance of heathen in correctional and administrative positions in our prison system. The "eastern Virginia" institutions are considerably worse than those found in the "western" part of the state, reflecting the population and racial demographics, li/e have found a wide discrepancy in "allowable" practices among the various institutions, We have found some prison chaplains helpful and some antagonistic. We have had correctional officers in attendance at services and praying and taking communion alongside inmates, and we have had situations where some correctional officers would not permit communion bread and grape juice to be brought into the institution. To be sure, we have had a greater success in gaining admission to local jails.
And then there are the "incarcerated Christians". We have found some to be sincerly interested in making changes in their lives and accepting the atoning blood of our Saviour as a redemption for sin. And there are others whom we feel just want to receive visitations and write for materials because they have nothing else to do. And then there are those who have strong "racial" knowledges, but do not want to accept the Word of Yahweh, and prefer to endorse violence as the only possible answer based strictly on racial justification. And then we have some who consider themselves to be "political prisoners" in a system run by ZOG [Zionist Occupational Government], even though they admit to armed robbery of the local gas station/convenience store, or bank robbery, or grand theft auto, etc. To these individuals, it is necessary to point out that they were in violation of Yahweh's laws and that they are not truly a "political prisoner", but merely a prisoner of their own stupidity.
Today, if we accepted God’s Law, we would not have to build all manner of new penal institutions. The laws for murder, rape, sodomy, and other violent crimes is well-detailed in the scriptures. In Deuteronomy 22, we find the penalties for theft, burglary, and other types of non-violent crime in which restitution is the penalty placed upon the criminal [under the penalty of death for non-compliance]. The "victim" is compensated and the "criminal" is forced to make restitution by his/her own sweat and effort.
We have promoted the concept of restitution to the victim among those in our prison congregations, even if it be in very small monthly amounts. We have found that this is viewed very favorably by correctional officials and parole boards.
We have made many efforts on behalf of our prison congregations. We have supplied Bibles, study materials and texts, we have sponsored Bible course training and paid for non-religious courses. We have worked to main-
(Continued on Page 4)
October 1995, Volume 6, Number 3
PERTHUTT TOPES (Continued from Page 3) tain prisoner*s families, and paid for groceries, heating oil and repairs on prisoner families homes, tile are pncouraood by those who have been released, some with help and intervention on the part of this ministry, and who todav are leading productive God-fearing lives in the "outside world". We give thanks to Yahweh for His help in providing the Holy Spirit to be with these men. As times continue to worsen, there is and will continue to be more strident calls for stiffer penalties. This fMttcaption will surely cause our efforts to be more difficult in taking the kingdom message to our incarcerated brethren. What is okay for the Black PTuslims is tlSbUly unacceptable for Christian Israelites and this and lack of religious freedom will be a matter to be reckoned with in the relatively near future.
IS MISTIAN AMERICA WAKING UP?
Conditions in this American nation have been declining for several decades, and for those of us who are aware of this deteriorization and who have been aware of it for many years, it appeared that we were nothing wore than voices crying in the wilderness [to paraphrase Matthew 3:3]. For many, many years, it appeared that most American Christians were asleep so far as scripture related to current events and happenings. Now I perceive some beginning recognition on the part of a small but growing cadre of fundamentalists who are recommending that we "cry out to Yahweh” [their exact wards] for the sins of this nation. There is further a small Independent Baptist group that is questionning [Oh horror] the authenticity of the Jews in the Israeli to be the "Chosen”. Someone besides those in Christian Israel have begun to realize that the modern-day Jews do not fit the marks found in God’s Holy Word. Having taken same time this past summer to attend a revival service in the neighboring county, I was pleasantly surprised with what I heard. This awakening is not of tremendous proportions, nor is it one in which the in-cijdouai bounces out of bed being fully awake. It is closer to the individual who first opens one sleepy eye in the early morning...but it is a start.
PULTI-CULTURI5N A SURE METHOD FOR FAILURE AND CONFLICT There is a "push” going on in the public schools of Virginia to include all sorts of multi-cultural aspects to our culture. We have been invaded [and are still being invaded] and overrun by people of vastly differing cultural backgrounds and for the most part, this is not being accepted altogether well by those individuals of European [Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, Germanic, Scandinavian, etc.] background* We have "our culture” and have relatively no desire to learn or participate in the culture of others* But of course, what cannot be accomplished in the home, can always be taught in the public school system*
I would ask those ’’multicultural experts” the following question: ”In all of recorded history can you name one successful multi-cultural nation that survived with a multi-cultural society?" Although I am not a historian, I have taken several undergraduate courses in my academic years and I CANNOT FIND A SINGLE ONE! And why you may ask is that? The reason is that cultures with a society are going to conflict, and there has never been an instance when the merging of cultural patterns and morays was accomplished in a successful manner. So long as one culture remains dominant, there is usually peace and understanding. The non-dominant culture remains to itself and practices its traditions and life patterns by itself without forcing or pressuring the dominant culture to accept its ways. This is a fact of cultural existence, except here in the United States [and perhaps in other Israel nations] where the concept of multi-culturalism is being forced upon the Christian Israelite citizens.
This American nation has in the past been called the ’’melting pot” since many different ’’sub-cultures” were blended together to form the American people. This is true, but the key to understanding this is the word ’’sub-cultures”. In other words, the English, Germans, Irish, Scots, northern Italians, Swedes, Norwegians, Danes, etc., all eventually blended together to form the American. Some of these sub-cultures still maintain some of their individuality through celebrations and holidays and festivals, but for the most part they have ’’melted” into one people. Of course, we know the history of these people dating back to ancient Israel and Judea, so in fact we are brethren [of different tribes] but from the same historic and precious lineage. It is possible to draw an anology of this when you go to the local hardware store to have a gallon of latex [water-based] paint mixed. You can take 9 parts of white [English] mixed with 3 parts of light blue [Germanic] mixed with 2 parts of Yellow [Scots] mixed with 2 parts of light green [Irish] mixed with 1 part Red [Swedes], etc. and etc. and come up with a specific color that is desired. This will work fine so long as all of the colors are of latex paint. If you attempt to substitute the same colors in one or two instances with an oil paint, you will find that they will not mix as water and oil will not mix, comparable to the mixing of cultures. You can mix ’’likes” but not ’’unlikes”. This truth has obviously been missed or overlooked by the "social engineers” who are driving the multi-cultural train down the track at full speed unaware [or perhaps unconcerned] of the sharp curve lying ahead. The only result of such recklessness on the parts of the social engineers, politicians, religious leaders, educators, and others is cultural catastrophe and civil disorder. Could it be that at some future time "...for fear of the oppressing sword they shall turn every one to his people and they shall flee every one to his awn land"? Have you had enough of this multi-cultural garbage? Is it not time to cry for Yahweh to save His heritage?
(Continued on Page 5)
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE
October 1995, Volume 6, Number 3
PERTINENT TOPICS (Continued from Page 4)
IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE "FEDERAL"?
U! it bout any hesitation, I am willing to state that the so-called ”dollars” which are in your possession, are not really dollars, but are instead, ’’Federal Reserve Notes”. You will find this indicated on the top and center of the specific ’’note” [Federal Reserve Note which we will henceforth refer to as FRN]. This is in contrast to ”dollars” which indicate that they are "United States Notes” or ’’Silver Certificates” or ’’Gold Certificates” at the center top of the bill.
In the case of a Silver Certificate, the following wording appears on the bill: ’’This certifies that there is on deposit in the Treasury of The United States of America five dollars in silver payable to the bearer on demand" and in the case of Gold Certificates, the following: "This certifies that there have been deposited in the Treqsury of The United States of America twenty dollars in gold coin payable to the bearer on demand”.
I am not at all fully knowledgable in the law, but these are "bearer certificates’*. The U.S. Mint has been producing silver dollars and gold coin for the past number of years, continuing to the present. I decided to take one of my certificates to the local bank and redeem it for gold coin. Confusion and consternation reigned. The bank did not know what to do and hurried telephone calls to the regional offices produced no further clarifications. I insisted that my gold bill was a ’’bearer certificate" which I wished to redeem in coin from the U.S. Government in accordance with the conditions on the certificate. I further indicated that since the U.S. Mint was producing both silver and gold "official" coin, there was no reason to not honor the certificate, UNLESS THE UNITED STATES WAS NOT GOING TO HONOR THEIR LUWHITHENT. Well, the answer was that irregardless of the wording and the fact that I had a bearer certificate didn’t matter - they were not going to exchange it for coin. So much for the honor and word of our bankrupt government.
In 1913, Congress abdicated its Constitutional responsibility to "coin" our common currency by voting to establish the Federal Reserve System and giving it the power to "print" Federal Reserve Notes. Today, the United States borrows the money it needs at interest from the Federal Reserve Bank. The major problem with this is that the Federal Reserve Bank is not FEDERAL at all, but rather a corporation which is owned and controlled by a group of private banking institutions. A request to my Congressman's office for information on the Federal Reserve produced no information relative to these financial entities, save a listing of the locations of the "Fed" offices or banks as listed on the FRN's# So further investigation was done and it yielded that most of the stock of the Federal Reserve System is owned by the following banks:
Rothchild 8ank of London Lazard Freres Bank of Parle Rothchild Bank of Berlin Israel Phses Self Bank of Italy
Lehman Brothers Bank of New York Warburg Bank of Hamburg Warburg Bank of Amsterdam Kuhn Loeb of New York Chase Manhattan Bank of New York When the U.S. Government borrows the money it needs for various programs from the the Federal Reserve System, the "FED" creates that money simply by having it printed. The subsequent loan of this script [Federal Reserve Notes] to the U.S. Government produces large amounts of interest earnings for the "FED". The name given to the "principle" on these loans is the "NATIONAL DEBT". And, since we are paying almost nothing back on the principle of the "National Debt", the interest amounts to billions of dollars annually.
The Debt is the total amount [principle and accrued interest] that is owed, as contrasted to the Deficit, which is the shortfall or debt accumulated on a yearly basis [in a fiscal year which runs from October 1 to September 30 of the following calendar year].
The Federal Reserve Act of 1913 included a clause which provided that the U.S. Government could buy back the Federal Reserve Bank at par value of the original stock at any time it desired. The amount required to accomplish this "buy back" would be much smaller than the interest we are currently paying on the "National Debt". This would result in us owing the "National Debt" to ourselves and we might consider cancelling the debt at that time. Shouldn’t the U.S. Treasury once again create our money supply under the regulations as provided in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution? Hey, Congress, are you listening?
MARKS OF DECLINE
In 1787, Gibbon completed his masterful book, "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire." In this, he listed the five following reasons for the fall of this once mighty empire.
1 • The rapid increase in divorce; The undermining of the dignity and sanctity of the home which is the basis of human society.
2.	Higher and higher taxes, and the spending of public monies for free bread and circuses for the people.
3.	The mad craze for pleasure; sports becoming every year more exciting and more brutal.
4.	The building of gigantic armaments, when the real enemy was within, in the decadence of the people.
5. The decay of religion, faith fading into mere forms, losiung touch with life, and becoming impotent to guide the people.
Truly, as God's Word tells us, "There is no new thing under the sun." One would think that with the lessons of the past before our eyes that we would learn. But alasf That is not to be. The great apostasy is upon us. We have entered into the time of Jacob’s trouble. Thank God for our salvation.
From: Thy Kingdom Cbme, The Association of The Covenant
People, 7730 Edmonds Street, Burnaby, BC, Canada
Thfc V'i'poi.fii.ji Christian Tsraalit**
P A fi R 6
October 1995# Volume 6# Miimber 3
The Synagogue Of Satan
Fro« th« BAPTIST TRUMPET, Volume 2, Issue 4, July/August 1995 Tndlarvipolis Baptist TVample, 2711 South East Street, Indianapolis, Indiana
in the message of the Lord Jesus to the church at Stmrna and Philadelphia in the book of Revelation. He spoke of the Synagogue of Satan. At Rev. 2:9, he referred to their blasphemy in saving thattheyclaimcd to be Jews, “and arc not ” Then in Rev. 3:9 He these words and added, “but do be." Whoever He is referring to must have gotten His attention for their wickedness for Ham to call them blasphemers and liars.
In my opinion, this Satanic Synagogue is made up of two groups of people: those who claim to be the seed of Abraham and are not, and those who claim to be Jews physically but hate Christ, Christians, and foe Church. Both are doing whatever they can to destroy all three from the face of the earth. As to foe first group, we read about them in Fsthw g: 18b, "And many of foe people of the Land became Jews; for the fear of foe Jews ..." This of course has happened at other rimes in history, even today. The second group are made up of those that Christ referred to in John 8:3 7,"I know that ye are Abraham’s seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you.
" Then He said at vs 44, "Ye are of your father foe devil, and foe lusts of your father ye will do."
Approximately seventy-five times through the books of John and Acts the Holy Spirit inspired foe writers to tell us that the primary enemy of theGospel were foe Jews. They crucified, "foe Lord of glory", they spread lies about foe resurrection, they tried to kill foeApostlcsJhey stoned Stephen, they stoned Paul at Lystra, and they tried to hinder foe Gentiles from hearing foe truth. Finally, in probably total frustration and under the leadership of foe Holy Spirit, Paul said,",..lo, we turn to foe Gentiles."
It’s difficult for this editor to understand why foe word ideas concerning foe biblical doctrine of Israel are so persistent in die Christian community past and present. Pat Robertson, Robert Schuler, and oilier T. V. personalities have said publicly that foe Jews do not have to go to heaven dirough foe blood of Christ because God lias given diem a different covenant. Rob-
ertson said this on foe "Phil Donahue Show" during his run for the Presidency and the others have said it on their T.V. programs. John 14:6 and Acts 4:12 declares these men to be false profits, I mean prophets. Neither is there anything in die Bible that says America must deliver a wheelbarrow full of money over to Israel every Monday morning or, for that matter, any other nation to stay in fever with God. Just because one does not support every activity of foe State of Israel or Jews in general doesn’t make him unbiblical nor an anti-Semite. The State of Israel is both socialistic and anti-Christian. It also exists under the authority of foe United Nations, not God. Certainly God allowed foe nation to come into existence, but die outcome of this venture is not going to be very pleasant according to foe Scriptures. Who can deny that the final regathering of Israel will take place after Christ returns to set up his earthly Kingdom? (Matt 24:27-31). This doesn’t mean that we are to persecute them or, for that matter, any other people or religion. Please note ( I Cor. 10:32). The Lord Jesus commanded us to love our neighbor. This would certainly include all men of nationality and religion. I should also say that, for this study, I am using foe word Jew in its generic sense which includes all Israel.
Some time ago I received a letter from Rabbi Jonathan Stein of foe Hebrew Congregation oflndianapolis. He included a flyer where 1 was speaking at an unregistered church in Bainbridge, Indiana, on foe subject of foe Lubovitch movement. It was a friendly letter suggesting that I might be giving foe impression of being anti-semitic.
I wrote back and asked him his definition of anti-semitism. I also (old him that I am not an anti-scmite but radier an anti-SlNITE.
1 preach primarily against Baptist sin, sometimes I preach against Methodist sin, etc. For some reason or other he never wrote mo back. If a Jew or Gentile gets in foe lino of fire of our Gospel gun, we had better unload for Jesus or we will bo accountable to Him at (lie Judgement Scat of Clirisl. "We must understand that God is no respecter of
persons. But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons." (Col. 3:25). Eveiy believer should love foe Jew because of foe words of Jesus at John 4:22b iffor no odier reason: "For salvation is of the Jews." We would have nothing pertaining to spiritual things if it had not been for God calling this ancient people out for His divine purpose.
Most people who teach the conspiratorial theory of history, and you can’t study foe Scriptures without knowing that there is one, emphasize foe political and economic aspects. But we need to recognize that in foe final analysis, the origins of all conspiracies against God are Satanic; therefore, they have to be religious in nature. Rev. 18:23c speaks of Babylon in these terms, "for thy merchants were foe great men of foe earth;" So foe final conspiracy will be religious, with economics foe control mechanism (Rev. ch. 13). There is no doubt in my mind that these merchants mentioned above are the international merchant bankers of today that, for all practical purposes control foe entire earth through foe U.N., World Bank, International Monetary Fund (IMF), etc. America has been in their control since 1913 at the inception of foe Federal Reserv e and its Central Bank. Now wifoNAFTA, GATT, and other international trade agreements, we are one step away from being under the total control of foe Mark of foe Beast. A person can hardly do anything in the economic world today without a State authorized I.D. number, including receiving an inheritance.
In the lead article in this issue, we discussed some so called "Civil Rights" organizations that have been monitoring me and our church activities. They have concluded that we are a racist, anti-semitic hate group. Who is foe Klanwatch, and Democratic Center for Renewal that has attacked cue and our church mentioned in the July 27fo Daily Journal? If you arc truly interested, why don’t you call the "Center" at 404-221-0025, which we did, and see if you can get any more information (Oontinod on Pago 7)
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 7
October 1995, Volume 6, Number
ISfc	OF	SA'IlhW	(Continued from Page 6)
than we did We doubt it, but if you do, please let us know. As for the Klanwatch, we understand it to be a left-wing publication, not an organization. Why don't you see if you can find a handle on them in Savannah nd inform us. We have the documentation that will show that these groups, including the Southern ftoverty Law Center, Montgomery, Alabama, run by the moral derelict Moms Decs, to be nothing but fronts for the B’NaiB'Rith, Anti-Defamation League and Cult Awareness Network. These in turn Me fronts for the State of Israel and their intelligence agency, the Mossad
Two of the principal goals of these people are the preservation of the State of Israel and the total destruction of the Christian Faith from the earth. Another goal is the total control of the earth with the Gentiles (Goyim-Hebrew meaning, herd of animals or cattle) as their slaves. They are die Neo-Nazis who are behind Global 2,000, Zero Population Growth, and other population groups whosegoal is to reduce the population of the world by four to eight billion souls by die early 21st century. They are not nice people. They have learned to manipulate entire nations through their economic machinations. Dear reader, please read Revelation Chapter 18 in its entirely. Note especially verse 3 -"For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies." Also remember the solemnness of v-24- "And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain on the earth."
Only in the context of this article can ooe make senseof the ceaseless wars, forced famines, and pi agues that fill the entire earth. Understanding the Synagogue of Satan, "Desert Storm" and the defeat of President Bush begins to make sense. The Reagen/ Bush administrations poured literally billions of American tax dollar bills into building up Iran and then later Iraq. I believe "Desert Storm" was an attempt to salvage the Bush presidency but it was too late. Ross Perot ran on a third party ticket and Bush lost. For all practical purposes, we now have a Jewish Administration. In fact, the International Jewish Press boasts about it.
Maariv is Israel’s leading Hebrew language daily paper. The following is from an article dated Sept 2,1994 It was wnMri by its chief Washington corre-
spondent, Avinoam Bar-Yosef; "Several weeks ago the Rabbi of the 'Adath Yisracl* Synagogue in Cleveland Park Washington dedicated his Sabbath sermon to the Jewish Cultural and Political Center now being formed in America. 'For the first time in American History, the Rabbi said, 'we now longer feel that we live in the diaspora.' The U.S. has no longer a government of Goyim [Gentiles], but an administration in which the Jews are full partners in the decision making at all levels. Perhaps the aspects of the Jewish religious law connected with the term 'government of goyim’ should be re-examined, since it is an outdated term in the U.S."
Indeed as far as the Jews are concerned, President Bill Clinton has contributed towards a real change in administration outlook, having concluded a scries of changes which enhance Jewish power.
The picture has now totally changed, and not only about the Middle East; for example, every morning at about 6:00 o’clock, several staff cars travel from the CIA center to the White House with senior officers of the American Intelligence community who are about to present to the President and to the four top staffers a PDB — President’s Daily Briefing — the term for the most exclusive report in Washington.
It contains the most sensitive information regarding developments around the world. With the above in mind, the rest of the article names the Jewish influence in the Clinton Administration; National Security Advisor, Samuel "Sandy" Berger; National Security Advisor to the Vice President, Leon Perth. Both of these men have reached posts that are extremely sensitive for U.S. policies. The article claims that both are "warm" Jews. (Those who are especially loyal to the Israeli government.
In the National Security Council, 7 out of 11 top staffers are Jews. Clinton lias placed them in the most sensitive junctions in the U. S. security and foreign administrations:	Sandy Berger is the
Deputy Chairman of the council; Martin Indyk is a Senior Director in charge of the Middle East and South Asia; Dan Schiflcr, the Senior Director and Advisor to the President, is in charge of Western Europe; Don Steinberg, the Senior Director and Advisor to the President, in charge of Africa; Richard Fcinbcrg, the Senior Director and Advisor to the President, m charge of Latin America; and
Stanley Ross is the Senior Director and Advisor to the President in charge of Asia.
The situation is not much different in the President's office which is full of "warm" Jews. The new assistant Attorney General Abner Mikve; the President's schedule and programs' manager, Ricky Seidman; Deputy Chief of Staff, Phil Leida; Economic Advisor, Robert Rubin; Media Director (now Secretary of the Treasury), Staff Director, Alice Rubin; Ely Segall, in charge of volunteers; Ira Mezina, in charge of the Health Program. Two Cabinet members. Labor Secretary Robert Reich and Mickey Cantor in charge of International Trade Agreements, are Jewish. They are joined by a long list of senior Jewish officials in the State Department, headed by the head of the Middle East Peace Team, Dennis Ross, and followed by many deputy secretaries and even more senior secretaries' chief of staff.
One of the most interesting Jews, from the Israeli point of view, who has rarely been exposed to view till now, is Rehm Emmanuel, Clinton’s senior advisor in charge of coordinating special projects in the White House. His office is located next to the famous oval office.
Rehm won extra points from his boss by succeeding in the passing of Clinton’s crime bill. Another prominent success was the ratification of NAFTA. He is now immersed, according to the article, in the passing of Clinton’s "Health BilL"
All together, 56 percent of all Clinton appointees have been radical left-wing Jews, which include the most important and sensitive echelons of our government, not to mention his two supreme Court appointees, Ruth Bader-Ginsberg and Steven Breyer.
Now, does anyone question the ability of this Anti-Christ cabal having the power and influence to put the Indianapolis Baptist Temple and other Christian, conservative, and patriot organizations on the governments terrorist list? We ore doing our best to find the names of others that are on this terrorist list (Note lead Article) and will let our readers know, hopefully in the next issue of the Trumpet. There is no hope against this array of influence and power other than our total reliance upon God. Please pray for us und come and support us in our national meeting October 16-19
PAGE 8
October 1995, Volume 6, Mumber 3
Alternative Education
Wary Jana Cntmiwaki, B.S. Ed,
Sigpund Czamiawskl, B.A., W.A.
Virginia Christian Israelites South Hill, Virginia
"Train up a child in the way he should gb» and when he is old, he will not depart from it.” (Proverbs 22£o)
"And these words which I command thee this[day# shall be in thine heart. And thou shalt teach then! diligently unto thy children". (Deuteronomy 6:6-7)
Over the last twenty years, we have not only witnessed profound philosophical changes in our school systems, but have seen the cost of education rise astronomically and out of control. Many bewildered parents are looking for answers and solutions to a very difficult problem. Also, because of the rising costs, our taxpayers are saddled with huge and rising tax burdens, What are some answers and what can we do?
Well, education has not always been a public domain. At one time, the education of children was the primary responsibility of the parent and the local community. (Hany churches were involved in this enterprise and bibles show parental responsibility in this area. Until the 1870*3 most education was either church oriented, privately supported, or government subsidized. The public school system, as we know it, has emerged this century and now seeks full control of all education.
America has always been a nation of diversity, individual choice, and freedom. We pride ourselves on being tolerant and for permitting a person to choose the way best suited for themselves. Just as we have a two-party system of government, the freedom to choose a church after our own desires, the pleasures of deciding which stores to shop in or which vehicle to purchase, why can we not choose the type of education we want for our children?
Personally, I am not anti-public education; but I believe in the right to choose for my children the type of education they need, and most parents feel the same way. Many of the problems with public education originate with big government and not with the system itself. As big government has grown out of control so has the educational system.
Throwing money at a problem does not solve it or make it go away. Believers, who desire to follow our heavenly Father*s directions for raising our children, have some fundamental differences with the public school system. It is for this reason that many are seeking an alternative educational system. This is not just a local phenomena, but it is happening nationally and at an increasing pace. Some of the reasons for this are the following:
(1)	Prayer is not permitted in schools.
(2)	Bible teaching [history] is also not permitted.
(3)	Creationism is a forbidden subject, but evolution, socialism, and humanism is not.
(4)	Family planning, sex education, abortion rights
are presented, but personal responsibility and apigMi, biblical morals are shunned.
**:*f5) All this has led to confusion and loss of discipline in our schools.
%njp6) Teaching of the basics; reading, writing, math, Aistory, geography, and science has been replaced by a modern curriculum that is producing illiterate and uneducated graduates.
<£(7) Local control of schools has become a myth because of government regulations and controls. H»Xhe above are some of the reasons why Christians all across our country are looking for alternatives to our educational system. Yahweh-God must be in the center and the forefront of all that we do. The education of our children in our Heavenly Father *s ways and laws must become our prime responsibility in educating and raising up our children. Halleluyah (Praise to Yah).
BOOK REVIEW
Are We Keeping God's Law Yet?
This is a new text published in 1995 which goes into a rather extensive coverage of the Biblical Laws, while being written in a style which is easy to both read and comprehend. We are fully aware of the fact that most of our Israelite people who are cognizant of their heritage are aware of the laws of Yahweh, but do not have a source for determining specifics of the laws on a quick basis. Also, those who are not fully aware of the biblical laws will find this text to be an eye-opening event. This text is divided into five major categorical classifications and more than thirty-five sub-categories all in the space of 94 (8$"xll") pages.
The first section covers a general discussion of The Law and the second section relates to a discussion of Specific Laws. This is followed by a section on the
Feasts of Israel which are coming into more prominent *■*
celebration today as contrasted to some of the so-called Christian holidays and the pagan festivals such as Holloween, Valentines day, etc* Also there are sections relating to the weekly sabbath, baptisms, laws of marriage and remarriage, etc. There are extensive footnotes which provide specific documentation and reference in conjunction with the text.
This book is produced in soft-cover and is easy to read and understand. This text will provide a worthwhile addition to your personal library and it is recommended by this reviewer. It can be ordered at a cost of $10.00 (we think postage-paid) from the publisher listed below:
SACRED TROTH MINISTRIES Post Office Box 18
t
Mountain City, Tennessee 37683
Reviewed by John Peterson, Deacon, Virginia Christiai Israelites, Round Hill, Virginia, September 1995.