skiss
MIA OTMSTIA1I
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 | Round HillI Virginia 20142
JANUARY 2001: Volume 12, Number 1
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
A NEW BEGINNING, A NEW YEAR, A NEW MILLENNIUM
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor•, Virginia Christian Israelites
Within a few days, we will be entering upon a new year, a new millennium, and hopefully a new self beginning. There is none of the loud rhetoric and sleazy scare tactics which we saw a year ago as we entered from 1999 to the year 2000.
We don't see much improvement in the people turning to their God. We see the masses continuing to follow the false ways of "churchianity" and thinking that this is all that there is to being a "Christian."
We have set some new goals for 2001. We hope to increase our publishing efforts to make additional materials available to the "still blinded." We will continue to publish The Virginia Christian Israelite, but may reduce the monthly printing quantities somewhat. It is a tremendous effort to write, typeset, print and mail hundreds of copies per month.
The Congregations of Israel will be making a greater effort to establish "local groups" so that our people will be able to study Scriptures and fellowship on a local basis. All that is required is an inner dedication to serve Yahweh our God.
We see conditions in this nation, and throughout the world continuing to deteriorate and decline. And this trend has nothing to do with political parties, the media, the aliens and the Kenites - it has to do with us ourselves. We are so involved with the materialistic things of life, that we have forgotten who provides for us. We like to think that success is a result of our own efforts When difficult times come upon the land, most people will have no place to turn and no idea who to turn to for help.
The answer to all of our individual and national problems can be found in one specific verse of scripture. That Scripture is 2 Chronicles 7:14.
The first three lines, "if my people, which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways" is a condition which we must meet. The Almighty is giving us instructions as to what we must do before we can expect Yahweh to meet the second part of the verse This is a "conditional" promise.
For those who are not familiar with the term "people called by My name," may I refer to Numbers 6:22-27, where Yahweh is speaking unto Moses with the Israel blessing, and specifically verse 27, "And they shall put My name upon the children of Israel; and I will bless them."
It is up to Israel and the Israel people to "humble themselves" - something that is very difficult for a proud and self-serving people to do, but, a condition which must be met. And then we are to "pray" - sincere and heartfelt prayer, not some repetitious ditty committed to memory and presented in incantation. Then we are to seek "God's face" - not averting our eyes and hearts. And finally, "we are to turn from our wicked ways" - we are so involved in all manner of evil and wickedness that it is impossible to specify all of them. We need to look at the commandments and Yahweh's laws to see what we must do.
2 Chronicles 7:14
If my peoplef which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
When we meet these conditions, then Yahweh will "hear from heaven, and will forgive our sin and will heal our land." There is no point or rationale in continuing to complain and bemoan the woes that have come upon us and our nation. All of the complaints are certainly to no avail. Until we are ready to repent of our sins and errors, and change our ways, and seek our God, all of our efforts and prayers will be in vain.
We surely need our sins forgiven and our land healed. As we enter into a new year, and as we enter into the start of a new millennium, perhaps we can also enter into a "new beginning "
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / January 2001: Volume 12, Number l
The Dumbing Down of America
There has been quite a bit of talk in certain circles in recent years relative to the supposition that America's youth (what the politicians refer to as "our children") are not making the mark. The answer from most parents, all educators, and many elected and appointed government officials is spend more money as this is the panacea for problems that no one wants to face.
But surely this cannot be the answer, for if it was, we would have the finest schools and the best-educated children in the world. Our expenditures for schools, and education, on the local, state and federal level have far surpassed all other expenditures for all other categories - and what do we have to show for these dollars?
When I graduated from high school in the early 1950's, I had a good command of the English language and a well-ingrained knowledge of both American and world history. And these traits were common among my high school peers.
Many years ago, I was teaching at a branch of the City University of New York as they initiated their "open admissions" policy, which guaranteed a seat to any high school graduate in New York City. Another "liberal" program established with little thought to the ramifications. In addition to the regular classwork, each student was assigned to do basic research in the form of a term paper, which counted as a significant part of their final grade. I had to read these papers, and as some of my first classes tended to be a little lax and sloppy, I set a rule that there were to be no more than two errors - typing, spelling, grammatical etc. I further informed them that for each additional error, they would drop one grade until they reached the grade of F, when I would stop reading. I don't know how many dictionaries and rolls of correction tape that they used, but they managed to turn out some good work. "Open admissions" ended this. The students just couldn't spell and use proper English. In addition, in a second year college course, I discovered that they couldn't change fractions into decimals, calculate square roots,and do other simple math functions I lamented that I did not have time in a 16-week course to teach them middle school math. The choices were to greatly lower standards, or flunk 97% of the students. I quit teaching! I originally thought that perhaps it was because I was dealing with students in an urban setting, although most of my students were white and about one-third were Jewish. In the second year of "open admissions" about one half of the class was minorities.
1 have reason to believe that nothing has changed. Some of the letters (and I stress "some") that we receive from prisoners show a lack of ability to communicate in the English language. Thankfully, some have mastered communication and can write with precision
Recently, while scanning the AM radio dial, I came across a station which had done a "history quiz" with college seniors. 1 managed to write down the questions, but could not get all of the answers, all of which were wrong.
1 am listing the questions, all of which 1 knew the answers to and you might like to try it yourself, or, ask some younger person the questions The point is, if they do not know history, how they be informed citizens. Instead of spending more money, perhaps we ought to fix the system.
Questions Asked and Unknown by Colie®
1. What happened at Valley Forge?	>	A
2.	What was the "Louisiana Purchase"?	V
3.	Who was the American General (and later president) %	&	4
led the American Army in the Revolutionary War'}
4. Who wrote the Gettysburg address?	'%
5.	What are the "Bill of Rights?"
6.	Where did the Pilgrims land in 1620?
7.	How many states make up the United States?
8.	What was the original number of colonies (states) which
comprise the United States?
9.	What was the document referred to as the "Declaration of
Independence? "
10.	Who were the combatants in the Revolutionary War and
when was it fought?
11.	What is the name of the mountain chain running north and
south in the western United States, along which runs the Continental Divide?
12.	What is the name of the neighboring country to the north
of the United States?
13.	What state is Alaska located in?
14.	The Hudson River is located in what country?
15.	What was the pony express?	M
Is it that our educators are so concerned with the application
and introduction of modem technology, that they have neglected the teaching of the basics. Computers and modem technology is great, but it does make sense that you cannot teach a first-grader to do advanced calculus. We are so concerned about having the internet in each and every classroom and almost personal access of computer technology to every student, that we have ignored the teaching of elementary data. We are producing a generation of "robots" who lack the ability to reason and calculate. I was shocked to learn that some our more "advanced schools" here in Virginia no longer teach the multiplication tables, as to quote one teacher, "they can use technology to multiply - it is not something that they need to memorize." We have rejected knowledge and have become a nation of "educated idiots."
What is Yahweh telling us in Hosea 4:6 when the prophet says:
"My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee..."
The problem is that once the damage is done, it cannot be corrected, perhaps for generations. We thank our God for the homeschooling movement which has realized a tremendous growth, and parents have taken back the responsibility for the proper education of their children.
That is why the National Education Association (NEA) and the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) so resist and hate the homeschooling movement. Our educators (teachers) today collect substantial salaries, and do not produce a quality product. If you destroy the minds of our youth, what can we expect from our leaders of tomorrow?
Spending more money is not the answer. It is past time that those who have the responsibility, come to their senses, and realize that if they are not doing the job, they should either change or leave the field. Of course, we don't expect to see that happening - our educators have become too imbued with fjBH| own importance and status. This is one of the few fields where a failing grade can be recalculated to success. They have forgotten that 2+2 * 4.
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 3 / January 2001: Volume 12, Number 1
Readying for Revolt
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02024
The American Government is a putrid institution. Although millions still reverence it, the institution has lost the energy and intelligence of the founding fathers. The Government is a monopoly. Its faith is in the power and tactics of deceit. Its only viable resource is violence against property and labor. Labor is taxed; property is taxed, and snatched.
The U S. Constitution that set the Government in motion is now an obstacle to the Governments continued existence. The Government is alarmed by free speech, assemblies, jury trails, and the right to bear arms.
The Government survives only by reproducing institutions with identical purposes and values. The Armed Forces, the Federal Reserve Bank, the CIA, lending banks, stock markets, insurance companies, the media, and the education system. Often it is doubtful whether the parent or the offspring is in charge. Special interests get politicians elected and removed. Less honest people enter the Government every year. The legal profession alone dominates it.
The Jews and other minorities use the Government as a weapon against the norms and cultural standards of Western civilization. The Jews have the state of the Israeli, a boss over the Arabic nations. The Arabs were not always so critical of the United States. And the Blacks have made the American economy a welfare state and the society a countercultural heyday.
American prisons are full to the brim with people who could not adjust to untenable social relations, economic problems, racial integration, and out-and-out political repression. American friendship is mutual exploitation, more often a flight from alienation than a positive relation. Marriage and family life reflect the breakdown of society.
Tens of thousands of people survive by a daily fix or alcoholic intoxication. Millions bar themselves in their mortgaged homes. On peoples' lips are lies, and their behavior is marked by hypocrisy. The youth can hardly express their rage. The elderly live in constant apprehension. The mindless masses stare at the television. And the extent of psychological misery cannot be measured.
The Apologists for the Government are claiming everything is normal and natural. But they know it is not. They need to hold you, your income, your property, and your children as hostages.
Security is often an illusion. Are you spending time remembering happier days? Maybe something is wrong.
The catastrophe will come unexpectedly. How will the people respond when a storm finally blows away all their cherished delusions? Will they accept wanton destruction of the nation? Consider now the ways of redressing grievances if social misery hasn't already deadened your sensibilities. Liberty and justice are won Whites have everything to lose. A time will come when they will not disperse; and though the Government be the empire of the United Nations they will look for real leadership.
Yahweh blesses and protects those who revolt against tyranny. Jeroboam was in charge of King Solomon's labor force. He knew of Solomon's foreign wives, false religions,
exploitation of labor, and heavy taxation - all evils which the LORD condemns. Jeroboam petitioned Solomon's son. King Rehoboam, who succeeded his father, to lessen Israel's burden. But King Rehoboam threatened Israel with even harsher policies.
Jeroboam's secession was justified. The LORD approved of Jeroboam and promised him a dynasty as enduring as David's line if Jeroboam obeyed the LORD (1 Kings 11:38). The LORD’S prophet Shemaiah even ordered King Rehoboam to recall his army and not try to put down the revolt. (1 Kings 12:24).
But Jeroboam, despite his energy, intelligence, and popularity, became anxious about defection from his newly formed kingdom and forgot the curses the LORD promised to send on Israel if His commandments were not observed. Jeroboam trusted in advisors, who promoted idolatry and the rejection of the Levitical priesthood. Jeroboam set up idols in Bethel and Dan. He even acted as a priest. And he failed to profit from the LORD'S admonition (1 Kings 13:1-6).
Thus Christian Israelites should know that the LORD is a Liberator. He will save you as He saved Israel from the murderous hand of Pharaoh. But you must adhere strictly to His laws, reverence His name, and adhere to His plan of salvation. Rise to the defense of liberty.
Jin Remembrance
William W. "Bill" Seitzinger
Born: March 16,1939 Died: November 29, 2000
It is with a great deal of sadness that we report the death of "Brother Bill" Seitzinger. Bill was born 61 years ago in Frackville, Pennsylvania, but spent most of his recent years in Melbourne, Florida. He was a member of The Congregations of Israel and the webmaster of the Christian Bible Study site on which materials of the Virginia Christian Israelites and the Congregations of Israel could be found. Bill was buried in Frackville, PA on December 5. His efforts on behalf of Yahweh our God, and his fellowship will be missed.
The Psalmist has said: Precious in the sight of Yahweh is the death of His saints.
I am the resurrection and the life, saith the LORD:
he that believeth in me, though he die, yet shall he live: and whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die.
As King David said in 2 Samuel 3:38,"Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel
Thi Virginia Christian	Israelite / Page 4/January2001: Volume 12, Number /
o
Q
®
}{c „Maketh Wars to Cease Unto the End of the Earth
ROLAND WEBER YHWhfs M essianist Assembly Vacatnlle, CA
O Father of love, O King of peace Make wars throughout the world to cease; The wrath of sinful man restrain,
Give peace, O Yahweh, give peace again.
Remember, Yahweh, Thy works of old,
The wonders that our fathers told,
Remember not our sin’s dark stain,
Give peace, O Yahweh, give peace again.
Whom shall we trust but Thee, O Yahweh? Where rest but on Thy faithful word?
None ever called on Thee in vain,
Give peace, O Yahweh, give peace again.
Where saints and angels dwell above,
All hearts are knit in holy love,
O bind us in that heavenly chain,
Give peace, O Yahweh, give peace again.
Amen.
Election Statistics that you will not find in the Establishment Media
The "Establishment Media" has been promoting the fact that A1 Gore, though he lost the electoral vote, had a positive plurality in excess of 300,000 popular votes. America today is a nation divided, although you surely will not read of the specifics of the lines of division. A1 Gore received almost total support from Blacks (93%) and from those areas with high concentrations of Jews - essentially the more urban areas. On the other hand. Bush received most of his support from the more rural, more fundamentalist Christian , more agricultural areas in the heartland of the nation. Let the statistics speak for themselves...
Square miles of America won by A1 Gore	580,134
Square miles of America won by George W. Bush 2,427,039
States won by AJ Gore States won by George W. Bush
Counties won by A1 Gore Counties won by George W Bush
Average murders per 100,000 residents in counties won by AJ Gore Average murders per 100,000 residents in counties won by George W Bush
19
29
677
2,434
13.2
2.1
W|
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20. 21. 22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
V.
into
a
>
a
0)
3
O
to
v
e
a
'V
Please keep our nation and our people In your Prayers.
Testing Your Bible Kno
Who suggested that stones could be turned Who used a stone for a pillow?
What enemies of Joshua were pelted by stones tr Lord?
In what humiliating way was Abimelech murdered?
Who had a vision of an angel casting an enormous stone into the sea?
Who erected a large pillar stone and called it Ebenezer? What shepherd boy went into battle with a bag of stones? Who built an altar of stone that was consumed by fire from heaven?
What patriarch and his father-in-law heaped up stones as a sign of their covenant together?
Who sat on a stone while the Amalekites fought the Israelites?
Who had a dream about a giant statue struck by a stone? Which disciple was called a rock?
In Revelation, what did the Spirit promise to the churches that would overcome?
Who set up a commemorative stone after the Israelites covenanted to serve Yahweh?
Which of Paul's epistles speaks about a "spiritual rock" that was Jesus Christ?
Who rolled the stone across the tomb when Christ Jesus was buried?
Who spoke of a rejected stone becoming the chief cornerstone?
What friend of Jesus Christ had a stone rolled over the front of his tomb?
Who rolled a stone from off of a well so that Laban's flocks could be watered?
Who sealed up five Amorite chieftains in a cave by rolling large stones across the entrance?
Who was thrown into a den of wild animals that was sealed with a stone?
Who brought costly stones for the foundation of the temple in Jerusalem?
Who did Jesus tell that the stones would cry out if the people were silenced?
Who set up a commemorative pillar of stone at Paddan-Aram?
Who struck a rock and brought water forth from it?
Who prophesied that there would not be one stone of the temple that would not be thrown down?
Who picked up twelve souvenir stones from the dry path across the Jordan River?
Who had a garment with two onyx stones engraved with the names of the children of Israel?
Who wrote on tablets of stone for Moses?
Who had a breastplate with twelve precious stones in it?
What precious jewel is mentioned by Christ Jesus in a parable about the kingdom?
What city is decorated with twelve precious stones?
What did Christ Jesus say should not be cast before swine?
What did Job say was so precious it could not be bought with gems?
What, according to Proverbs, is more precious than rubies?
What prophet said that Jerusalem would have walls made of jewels?
What city has gates made of pearl?
What eplstla says that Christian women should not wear
Who questioned Job about tha cornerstone of the earth? (Please find the answers on Page 6)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5/January 2001: Volume 12, Number 1
Have We Dodged the Bullet and Bought A Little More
Time?
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
The year 2000 elections are finally over, after a period of weeks in which the only ones who benefited were the "lawyers," many "earning" in excess of $900 per hour. What was of particular interest however was the following:
1.	We learned that there are literally millions of people nationwide (not just in Florida) who can't follow simple instructions on how to vote, and who don't take the time to check their ballot.
2.	We learned that convicted felons can vote in some areas, even while in prison via an absentee ballot.
3.	We once again heard of ballots being cast from the grave.
4.	We learned that the Voters News Service, as owned and supported by CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox, CNN and the Associated Press can unduly, and oftentimes in error, influence the outcome of elections.
5.	We learned that many voters are either politically stupid or non-literate on the issues. If you are going to vote in any election, you have a responsibility to study both the candidates and the issues before blindly casting your vote. Those people who arrive to vote reading the issues that they will be voting on show little preparation.
In state and local contests, both Republicans and Democrats won their various elections. I consider myself to be a member of neither party and have chosen to be "independent." In that manner, I can truly vote for the best candidate irregardless of their political affiliation. Of course, many become either Democrats or Republicans in name alone without ever knowing "why." They often reflect that they are lifelong (insert party), and if one party or the other nominated Satan himself as their candidate, these fools would support him because he was the nominee of their party.
While we have had candidates over the years who reflected a heritage considered to be non-Christian (of Sephardic origin), they like the Marranos of the middle ages professed to be of Christian beliefs. In the 2000 presidential election, much was made of the fact that the Democratic Party nominated Joe Lieberman, an Orthodox Jew for Vice President. We have written and commented upon this fact in past issues of this newsletter, including the application of the Kol Nidre prayer, and the consideration of what "book" would be used, in place of the Bible to swear Lieberman in, should he have been elected.
Orthodox Judaism "hates" the mention of the name of our Saviour, Christ Jesus. So, in essence what we would have had was a "Christ hating Jew" a heartbeat away from the presidency of this once Christian nation. Obviously, many millions of so-called Christians, led by brain-dead preachers never considered the ramifications. Jewry, to this very day hates Jesus the Christ, is it acceptable to support those who hate anything and everything Christian Read your Bible!
President-elect George W. Bush is not perfect, but he has publicly professed his belief in Christ Jesus as having a profound influence in his life. Only time will tell if these were mere words uttered for political purposes, or sincere truth.
NOW is the time for a national revival and a return to the Christian values that made this nation so great. It is obvious that we have managed to squeak through this past election, by the grace of Yahweh. I don't think that there is much time left to repent of our sins and turn to God asking forgiveness and mercy for our transgressions. We have accepted the pornography, filth, and gutter talk from Hollywood, and call it entertainment. We have progressed from abortions, to "partial birth abortions" and even to "live birth abortions," and don't call it what it really is -murder. We have a "bought" media that only says what they want us to hear, and not what is the truth. We have political leaders who are corrupt, evil, and devoid of Christian values. More than half of all marriages end up in divorce. Abuse of all types is prevalent in our society. Our public schools have eliminated God from the classrooms and have greatly succeeded in the "dumbing down" of our youth.
Our clergy and our churches which are supposed to be the moral conscience of this nation and our people, have sold themselves out to 501.(c)(3) government control and can not speak out on anything that is considered a "public issue." Perhaps this may be the reason for the silence on Sen. Lieberman. Their main thrust is on the concept of brotherhood and the promotion of multiculturalism, all endorsed by pulpit prattle based upon skewed and biased interpretations promulgated by both the National Council of Churches and the World Council of Churches. These groups, along with Roman Catholicism are all vying to head up the "one world religion" program of the U.N.
To those who think that "life goes on," and that Yahweh our God has infinite patience with man, let me point out what happened to Israel in the Old Testament. Every time that Israel forgot about God, they were punished in one way or another. There is a limit to what God will accept, and it is my belief that we are very close to that limit.
I am not a prophet, but I feel that the Almighty has given us one last chance before bringing punishment upon us, and that is not to say that in the months and years ahead, we will not encounter any form of punishment. We are a "greedy" people as can be witnessed by the huge involvement in the crap-shoot known as the securities market.
As we are informed in 2 Chronicles 7:14: "If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and turn from their wicked ways;" [This is our responsibility] "then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land."
Nothing is going to happen unless we humble ourselves, both as a people and a nation, and sincerely pray, not just mouthing words, but prayer from the heart, and then turn from our wicked ways. There is no reason for going into detail about our nwicked ways." We all should know what is being spoken about here and 1 have mentioned some of the categories above.
Revival starts with the individual. From one here, and there, the trend can spread to all of our people, and to the nation. Will you join with me and the people at VC1, and the member groups of the Congregations of Israel in prayer for Y ahweh's help? We are not having a day of prayer - 2001 will be a year of prayer.
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 6 /January 2001: Volume 12, Number 1
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE (1) Satan, Luke 4:3; (2) Jacob, Genesis 28:11-22; (3) The Amorites. Joshua 10:11; (4) A woman dropped a millstone on his head, Judges 9:53; (5) John, Revelation 2:17; (6) Samuel, 1 Samuel 7:12; (7) David, 1 Samuel 17:49; (8) Elijah, 1 Kings 18:31-38; (9) Jacob and Laban, Genesis 31:44-52; (10) Moses, Exodus 17:8-12; (11) Nebuchadnezzar, Daniel 2:34-35; (12) Peter, Matthew 16:18; (13) A white stone, Revelation 2:17; (14) Joshua, 24:27; (15) 1 Corinthians, 10:4; (16) Joseph of Arimathea, Matthew 27:59-60; (17) Christ Jesus, Matthew 21:42; (18) Lazarus, John 11:38-40; (19) Jacob, Genesis 29: 10-11; (20) Joshua, 10:16-18; (21) Daniel, 6:17; (22) Solomon, 1 Kings 5:17; (23) The Pharisees, Luke 19:40; (24) Jacob, Genesis 35:9,14; (25) Moses, Exodus 17:6; (26) Jesus Christ, Mark 13:1-2; (27) Joshua, 4:4-8; (28) Aaron, Exodus 28:9-12; (29) Yahweh, Exodus 24:12; (30) The high priest, Exodus 28: 17-20; (31) The pearl, Matthew 13:45-46; (32) The New Jerusalem, Revelation 21:19-20; (33) Pearls, Matthew 7:6; (34) Wisdom, Job 28:16; (35) Wisdom, Proverbs 3:15; (36) Isaiah, 54:12; (37) The New Jerusalem, Revelation 21:21; (38) 1 Timothy, 2:9; (39) Yahweh, Job 38:6
Jewish Professor Denies Holocaust (or Holohoax)
HENRY HOFMANN
Professor Norman Finkelstein's book, "The Holocaust Industry," (available in "some" bookstores) has an interesting perspective on the alleged "holocaust" so promoted by Zionist Jewry. Some excerpts are as follows:
"The Holocaust has proven to be an indispensable ideological weapon. Through its deployment, one of the world's most formidable military powers with a horrendous human rights record [the Israeli], has cast itself as a "victim" state, and the most successful ethnic group in the United States has likewise acquired victim status. Considerable dividends accrue from this specious victimhood, in particular, immunity to criticism, however justified. Those enjoying this immunity, I might add, have not escaped the moral corruption's that typically attend it."
"Apart from Holocaust memorials, fully seventeen states mandate or recommend Holocaust programs in their schools, and many colleges and universities have endowed chairs in Holocaust studies. Hardly a week passes without a major Holocaust-related story in The New York Times."
The holocaust (or holohoax) is nothing more than a giant lie invented by Judaism for extortion purposes. It first surfaced after World War I, but was largely ignored as untruth by the nations of the world, and so it was put back in the closet only to be resurrected again following World War II.
Supposedly the Germans exterminated 6,000,000 Jews in a number of "death camps." But this number of camps kept diminishing until it was only "Auschwitz" (the only camp within the borders of Soviet controlled territory). This held until the Soviet Union was dissolved, and then the truth came quietly out - there was no six million, and yes a total perhaps less than a million (Jews and others) died in the camps mainly from Typhus and other diseases Nothing was found of the "claimed" gas chambers, nor was there any evidence of the "ashes" from all of those victims In spite of what the "government" and the Jews
may claim, I will let you draw your own conclusions.
Consider the following Jewish population statistics ti from recognized, accepted and acknowledged sources:
(1)	World Almanac, 1940, pg. 129; World Jewish Population -15,319,359
(2)	World Almanac, 1949, pg. 289; World Jewish Population -15,713,638
(3)	World Almanac, 1996, pg. 646; World Jewish Population -14,117,000
(4)	Meyers Handlexicon, Germany 1921; World Jewish Population -11,600,000
(5)	National Council of Churches 1930; World Jewish Population -15,600,000
(6)	American Jewish Committee, Bureau of the Synagogue Council, 1939, Jewish Population -15,600,000
(7)	World Almanac USA, 1947; World Jewish Population -
i ? non nnn
(8)	Statistical Handbook of the Council of Churches USA,
1951; World Jewish Population -15,300,000 Some simple arithmetic should provide the answer that we are missing a goodly number of "victims." And, where have all of those "survivors" who enjoy all sorts of benefits and perks come from? The numbers just do not add up!
By claiming "victim status," we have been duped and deceived by the Edomite Khazars. The disciple Paul has warned us in Titus 1:14, "...not giving heed to Jewish fables...," that we should question these stories, and yet we, under the threat and presumed stigma of being called "anti-semites" have retreated from truth and fact.
A am friends with a Christian woman in a nearby town who lived in Germany during World War n, and who has no proverbial "axe to grind." Her accounts differ greatly from what we are fed by the edomite-controlled media.
Hundreds of years ago, the great reformer Martin Luther had it right when he wrote, "The Jews and Their Lies.” Nothing has changed as of today, and the Jews are super-defensive with regard to the "holocaust." It is not only a "cash cow," but a means of exerting power and influence over the "goyim." Today we see honest and sincere Christians vilified and demonized in any attempt to ascertain the truth. Eventually, the truth will come out as our Saviour has informed us in John 8:32, "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."
There are Jews like Professor Norman Finkelstein, who have the foresight to realize that the lies and cover-up are coming undone. It has been very slow in coming, but it continues in a steady manner. The extortion from Germany, Switzerland, Austria and countless other nations and institutions will stop, and "reparations" from Judaism will be in order. The "tribute" which we and other nations pay each year to the "victims" in the Israeli will cease, and the special refugee status which is given to these "victims" upon entering this American nation will be paid back to the U.S. Treasury, and the "victims" deported.
Only half of the patients that enter an abortion clinic, come out alive! IT’5 A BABY - MOT A CHOICE.

mhia Christian Israelite / PACE 7 / January 2001: Volume 12, Number 1
the free-thinkers. Many apparently knew that the Jews were not ^pa rated People	the Israel of the Bible. The true Jews of today know that they
are not all Israel, as their chief spokesmen affirm. Historically
The Ensign M	STOUGH	this should not be a problem, for the origins of modern Jewry
essage, Leicester Square, London, England	are largely known and accepted. The problem lies with Christian
n...the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned	ministers, writers and Bible teachers who reject the authority of
among the nations." Numbers 23 9	the Old Testament, or give it a limited acceptance, and start
_______	with the New Testament. But the New Testament cannot be
"shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for	understood without the Old Testament. The Gospels, with the
all the earth is mine: And ye shall be	unto me a kingdom of	story Israel's Redeemer, the Epistles written to Israelite
priests, and an holy nation. "Exodus 19:5,6	communities, the Revelation, which is a companion volume to
the book of Daniel, completing the story of the Times of the "...and the Lord hath chosen thee to be a peculiar people	Gentiles, tell the story of Israel - the whole twelve-tribed nation,
unto himself above all the nations that are upon the earth."	visited, redeemed and to be completely restored. In rejecting the
Deuteronomy 14:2	CMd Testament, these so-called scholars are thus rejecting the
New Testament!
".../ am the Lord your God, which have separated you from other people. And ye shall be holy unto me: for I the Lord am holy, and have severed you from other people, that ye should be mine.n Leviticus 20:24,26
"...Ton only have I known of all the families of tht earth m Amos 3:2
To get themselves out of this predicament they have to, in fact, give up. and find a new Israel They do this by resorting to a few theological somersaults and thereby create a "spiritual" lend to receive these promises In doing so they create even more problems Is the church a nation9 Does it have a throne as David had9 Does it proclaim God's Law? Here's the problem for they reject the Law, substituting grace and freedom from any leva] restraint.
7 am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel" Matthew 15:24
"...Blessed be the Lord God of Israel', for he hath visited and redeemed his people." Luke 1:68
"...Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?" Acts 1:6
Christendom has been sadly let down by its champions. They affirm that the Jews are ail Israel, whereas some would doubt that most are even of Judah, let alone a|l Israel. Or that the church is Israel and this involves the rejection of all God's covenants, and therefore the God of the Covenants.
How much easier to take the simple but positive stand that the whole Bible is true, that God is truly omnipotent and will complete the fact of redemption through His servant nation Israel, found today in modem Celto-Saxondom.
The above are but a few of the very many verses which could be cited, showing that God did predestine Israel (see Ephesians 1) and as Paul also writes to Titus, "Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people zealous of good works." Titus 2:14 (see also Exodus 19:5,6 and Matthew 13:44).
Yet despite this, people reject the Chosen Servant People theme of the Bible. Either outright or by substituting another recipient of God's bounty. Do they realize what they are saying? That God made promises He couldn't keep? He changed His mind? That because Israel sinned He dropped the idea, despite His unconditional promise that they would be a nation before Him as long as the sun, moon and stars endure? Jeremiah 31:36. These are the ones that in the same chapter He says He loves "...with an everlasting love."
The logical and inevitable conclusion one would have to reach from such conclusions is that God is not omnipotent. He is not omniscient. He is not omnipresent. He is not a God of truth. But what Christian would openly say any of these things? None! But they are saying it nevertheless if they deny continuing Israel. "By myself have 1 sworn," said the Almighty when He made the everlasting covenants to the patriarchs.
It seems that it was Augustine, in his "City of God," who first gave out the teaching that the national covenants to Israel were transferred to the church, which would have pleased the Catholics But it should not have been taken up by the Protestants, in their Reformation challenge. It surely provided fuel for
Origin of Gentile Civilizations
After the racial separation following the building of the Tower of Babel, we find two main human confederacies, namely the "Hamite-Japhethic combination" and the "Shemitic" peoples. From the Ham-Japheth peoples, a confederacy of warlike nations grew up in Chaldea with Shinar as the center (Gen. 11:2) about 2,000 BC. In course of time this developed into the Assyrian Empire with Nineveh as its capital; which was later merged into the first World Empire, the Babylonian, with Babylon as its capital. Thus grew up the Gentile civilization. It was governed by Secret Societies; (the Cabal); which were initiated by Nimrod the Tyrant. This system was one of armed force under military despotism and provided the Gentile national system in opposition and contrast to the system appointed by God.
The descendants of Ham and Japheth knew that the descendants of Shem were the Divinely appointed stock whose destiny was to prepare for the establishment of God's kingdom on earth. They set out to frustrate God's Plan and to seize control, of the world by and through secret organizations. The Bible reveals much of Satan's plot for the overthrow of God's people and tells of many attempts by warfare to frustrate God's Plan for the restoration of a ruined world. The Bible further tells of the Grand Climax of the Ages, when all forces of evil and aggression will be destroyed in the final battle of all war; the Battle of that Great Day of God Almighty.
From "Man Thinking." Mervyn Judge, AOCP. Burnaby, Canada 1970