ml
M CHMST1AM ESllSUf
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES ft O. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
NOVEMBER 1999: Volune 10, Nuriber 11
“ftareover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as bef ore time." [2 Samuel 7:10]
It Is Out Responsibility to Gif e Thanks to God
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
"Be careful for nothing; but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto Yahweh God."
[Philippians 4:6]
"Offer unto Yahweh God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the Most High: And call upon Me in the day cf tro&ibles I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify Pie."
[Psalm 50:14,15]
As we approach the 25th of November, I would like to take this opportunity to personally wish each and every one of our members and friends, both a happy and a blessed Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving can be defined as the giving of thanks. This "giving" or "gift" of thanks should not be self-centered towards ourselves, our work environment, any entity of government, or other materialistic-related subjects, but should reflect our true and sincere "giving of thanks" to Yahweh our God for all of the blessings that he has bestowed upon us during this past year. Material blessings are a result of Yahweh our God and not as a result of our own individual efforts.
Many times, we bewail the situations and conditions which are prevalent in our land today, with adversity all around us and decadence influencing our lives and that of family and friends. Consider however what these adverse conditions and situations would be like if God totally abandoned us and turned His face from us.
tie do still enjoy so many Divinely-given blessings as individuals, families, a people, and a nation, lilhy do you think that the alien and heathen fioodtide swirl over our borders and into this nation on a continuous basis? It is not because of their desire to become a part of a Christian-Israelite nation, but to partake of the material blessings which God has provided for His Israelite people.
For many in this land, Thanksgiving means nothing more than a day off from the job, a full table of food, and perhaps several, if not many hours, of watching parades and football games on the "idiot box."
This day also in the minds of our people, brainwashed by commercial and ungodly entities, serves as the commencement of the so-called "holiday season" in which the merchants of Babylon accrue huge profits through crass materialistic advertising and sales. I often refer to this as the "mas season" because there is little if any- mention of "Christ." Christmas, of course not being anywhere close to the actual "birth of Christ," and having been developed into a highly-refined tradition of man, based on economic gain and religious fallacy, [more on this in the December issue]
I would ask that you set apart at least a small portion of' this Thanksgiving Day to recount each and all of the individual blessings that you have received. I know for some that this may be difficult...those who are sick and ill; perhaps at the door of death; or incarcerated in our prisons and correctional institutions or in some other adverse situations. Just remember, Yahweh God has not forgotten you, and there is some reason and purpose that God is seeking to achieve through you. Pray, and thank the Almighty for the provisions, bounty, and benefits that He has provided.
All around us we see storm clouds gathering as our leaders continue to ignore God and His holy word, and follow the ways of the ungodly which we know will result in punishment and destruction for His Israelite people. The time of sincere revival on the part of all of our people may be gone forever, but this is not to suggest that as individuals we should just sit back and take everything in stride. The foolish ignore the warnings and parish. Those who can see and hear and relate the times to the Scriptures have been warned and will take appropriate action to repent and come closer to our heavenly Father.
PAGE
H viroini. Christie	Ur**llf
Sopremidst or Separatist...Get It Right
Pastor Chuck Kuhler Virginia Christian Israelites
Tha advocacy of separation, racially, politically, etc.
H I believ/es in the supremacy of a
particular group.
tha Media likes to use the word 'Supremacist11 (as Cawtrested to "separatist") when referring to Caucasian liiilte) Individuals who are outspoken on the matter of any racial matter, lile believe that this mis-labeling is an intentional effort to distort scriptural truth and fact when referring to the white race, who we believe are the literal descendants of the tribes of Israel. Is it because those of Khazar lineage - those who have stolen the birthright - do not want those Israelites who are still blind to their identity to see the truth? You never hear of any other race being referred to as a "supremacist" group, even though it is well-documented that such groups exist in the Latino, Asian, and most certainly among the Blacks.
The Scriptures are for the most part "silent" on the matter of "supremacy" or "superiority." Of course, that say be because the scriptures were written to only one race of people...there is no reference to other racial or ethnic peoples, except as they may come into contact with the Adamites, Hebrews, and Israelites. Any attempt by others, such as may be found in the black, brown, yellow or red races to be considered as racial Israel, would mean that although they were of a different race, tney were claiming Caucasian rights.
There is however, ample and significant evidence to be found in scripture that Yahweh-God has chosen the Adamites, the Hebrews, and the Israelites as a peculiar people of His choosing. The following will serve to illustrate this:
Exodus 19x5-6: "Now therefore, if ye will obey My voice indeed, and keep My covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto Me above all people: for all the earth is Mine: And ye shall be unto Me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel."
These verses are the words of Almighty God spoken to Moses at Mount Sinai. I have underlined the main theme of this passage. You can see that God has chosen Israel to oe a special people, "above all people." This was not the determination of men, but the choice of God. CMUteronowy U*2t "For thou art an holy people goto the LORO thy God, end the LORO hath chosen tom to be a peculiar people unto Himself, above all the nations that ere upon the earth,"
Once again reference is made to Israel being choeen gepuilsr people, "above ell the nations that ara ypon the earth," Thii i* God* a chooaing « not mana!
Novenber
/ #/// f ft/;*
£ if
The word "peculiar" in modern di^ $/* ft as "odd or different." The meaningj^ P ^$ however, must be defined by the Hebt^y h $ h A found in Strong's Hebrew Dictionary - tSP # PP> $
m ___________,	,	L	'	SR#Jt ##
meaning (1) wealth as closely shut-up; (2) '^ a & P £ a treasure; (4) good and special. In a likeP
nep nf hhp l»irvrH ^natinne^ rofarc f.n	•vr
use of the word "nations" refers to "people than a country or geographic location.
&
jr£\
4
Deuteronomy 26:15,18,19: "Look down from Thy hoi, habitation, from heaven, and bless Thy people Israel, and the land which Thou hast given us, as Thou swarest unto our fathers, a land that flow-eth with milk and honey.• .And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be His peculiar people, as He hath promised thee, and that thou shouldest keep all His commandments; And to make thee high above all nations which He hath made, in praise, and in name, and in honor; and that thou mayest be an holy [consecrated] people unto the LORD thy God, as He hath spoken."
In this passage we find Moses instructing the people of Israel in their responsibilities* Are these verses not highly applicable to situations and conditions in
our lives and the world today?
Psalm 135:1-5: "Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the name of the LORD; Praise Him, 0 ye servants of the LORD, Ye that stand in the house of the LORO, in the courts of the house of our God, Praise the LORD; for the LORD is good: sing praises unto HiSj name; for it is pleasant. For the LORD hatbjfl chosen Jacob unto Himself, and Israel for Hisi □eculiar treasure. For I know that the LORD ill great, and that our LORD is above all Gods."
In these verses we are admonished to praise Yahwen,M as servants of the Most High. It further states that I the God "hath chosen Jacob unto Himself, and Israel far 1
His peculiar treasure."
There are many other references to the "chosen" of God, but these should suffice to illustrate my point. We have found nothing relative to "supremacy," but we have ascertained that God has a "special people," a servant people to do His work here on the earth, and He was discriminating when He chose them!
Is there such a thing as "total supremacy"? It is fairly obvious that different races and peoples have specific and individual traits which may be superior (or inferior) to other peoples and races. Therefore, supremacy, or superiority, must be evaluated based upon the specific consideration being discussed.
It has been specifically acknowledged that Caucasian (white) man has more cranial capacity and a different brain configuration than other races, hence a higher intelligence based on IQ (intelligence quotient).
Blacks, on the other hand, appear to have a superior trait in physical capabilities. While I do not have ready access to much scientific data on this statement
[Continued on Page
PAGE 3
November 1999: Volume 10* Number 11
Virginia Christian Israelite
SbwtWftCIST OR SEPARATIST [Continued from Page 2]
- I yield to the rosters of professional sports teams to support my contentions. While blacks account for approximately twelve percent of the population, they dominate professional sports teams, with some teams not even having a "token” white.
In professional sports, which is nothing more than a huge money-making enterprise, there is no criteria, or effort, to appease and placate fans on the racial makeup of individual teams, and therefore they select those who may excel in physical ability. What do we find in the following "sports”?
football - vast majority of players are black baseball - about 505? of players are black boxing - almost totally black basketball - almost totally black track & field - almost totally black and this is not a situation restricted to the United States, but can be found in most of the Israel (white) nations of the world.
In these days when we hear so much from minorities with regard to "quotas" in the workplace, and with regard to admissions policies into colleges and universities, and with alleged disproportionate representation in various career fields, we hear absolutely nothing relative to "quotas" in professional sports.
Irregardless of what is said, and surely reflecting what is not said, we have never heard any statement with regard to "black supremacy." Is this possibly because it is not, in today's world, "politically correct" to say anything of this. Why is it considered "acceptable" for minorities to demand employment and representation in areas and fields that they, for the most part, do not excel. Yet whites (mostly Israelites) do not dare to even slightly raise a contradictory opinion?
I think, for the length of this article, I have basically covered the concept that "supremacy" may be determined both by race and specific function. Many within the media especially, in addition to government, industry, and academia ought to be intelligent enough to see the truth, if indeed they actually want to see the truth. My contention is that they can ascertain the truth, but prefer to endorse and promote falsehoods, in the attempt to make the descendants of Adam man feel guilty for alleged discriminations, while pandering to their "politically correct" egos.
Now let's talk about being a "separatist." Many in the media, who should be knowledgeable about the definition, continue to interchange this word with the word "supremacist" although they are not compatible. What is so ludicrous about their mis-use of the word "separatist" to denote or indicate some evil individual or group, is that they themselves are some of the most blatant type of separatists.
While most of the media and those of liberal bent make every attempt to equate the idea of separation as some "evil concept," perhaps they should look into the proverbial mirror#
For example, do you think Dan Rather (CBS), Peter Jennings (ABC), and Tom Brokaw (NBC), the pompous news moguls for their respective networks, who have residences in New York City, live in black or Spanish Harlem in upper Manhattan? Do they live in the Hispanic and poor Jewish lower east side? Do they live in the black ghetto in Bedford-Styvesant in Brooklyn? Do they live in the litter-strewn area of the south Bronx which is referred to as "Fort Apache? Perish the thought!
They have no desire to live in the filthy, crime-ridden, rodent-infested, drug market areas of New York - they want to be separate from this element and the people who reside in these areas. The same can be said of the rest of the "bleeding heart" media (including all minority members) - they want to be separate from whites, blacks, Hispanics and others who live in the urban ghettos. They may claim a socio-economic separation to alleviate their egotistical minds, but in such instances, it is also almost totally racial as well. I might recommend the following passages to them: "Thou hypocrite [insincere fool], first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast the mote [speck] out of thy brother's eye. [Matthew 7:5]. This message is also repeated in Luke 6:42. And what of the professional athletes; those of the "rap" culture; those who have achieved a degree of success - minorities paid huge salaries and sums for "presumed" talents? They reside among the white affluent...they are separate by their own decisions.
The prophet Job in 20s5 tells us: "the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment," and in 27s8 we read, "For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul"? And in Proverbs 11:9, we finds "An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbor; but through knowledge shall the just be redeemed."
And foremost in importance, what do the Scriptures have to say? First off, the words "supremacist" and "superior" are not found once on the Bible (KJV). The word "supreme" is found only once in an unrelated sense in 1 Peter 2si3. But the words "separate," "separated," "separateth," "separating," and "separation" are found almost a hundred times throughout both Testaments. Time after time, Yahweh has admonished Israel to be separate from the heathen surrounding them.
There is nothing wrong with being a separatist. In fact God instructs us that we should be separate. There is a huge disparity however when considering both the words "supremacist" an "separatist" as meaning the same by definition. It is only those who aspire to intrude beyond the bounds of their God-given inheritance and estate who cause consternation and confusion.
The prophet Isaiah has said it correctly and accurately in 9:16, "For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed." As pointed out earlier, God has selected a people as "chosen." tile are that Israel people whom God hath chosen - be thankful for that selection!
v*iroini« (Christian
Israelite
PAGE <4
Novdiij
ON COMPASSION
try STEPHEN CDNTRMX)_
12 >Vuk Amssjs( HulX* ^ OEOftS
T7-*. heart is central. Yahuieh commanded, "Thou shalt 1	the LORO tby God with all thine heart” [Deuteron-
omy 6*5 J. And the Psalmist prayed, "Though an host should encamp against me, my heart, shall not Tear I	2r?*3j.	He	also said about God, "Thy law is
within my heart" fPsalm 40*8]. Solomon declared, *^BUKtaa resteth in the heart of him that hath under— StTMtff Mj"* f Proimrbs 14r 33 J - And Yahweh told Jeremiah, •yg ehall geek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart" f Jeremiah 29* 13].
So the heart is the measure of sincerity, faith, courage, and the seat of understanding and truth. The haaart Is emblematic of compassion and all the positive attitudes derived from compassion.
Compassion brings us close to God. Compassion is an holy response• Xt conquers sin — loneliness, anger, re— sen tenants, lusts, sloth, selfishness, addictions, hatred and violence. Compassion opens the door to happiness and eternal life• A compassionate person is strong, not likely to be overwhelmed by worries and stress. Compassion increases one's capacity to share and enjoy Cod9s gifts.
Mhat the modern world most lacks is compassion. Com— passion tuakes people up from sleep, increases their awareness of reality and relations• Compassion breaks artificial boundaries and invites communities tribes of Israel) to engage in spiritual and national enewal. Compassion brings the recognition of our ideo— Lfcy. Compassion is deeply liberating, justifying 'tuality and interdependence•
realize the hurts of others and some of our own tiled needs. But ours is a society that denies depend— e. Dependence makes us feel vulnerable — only faith 3odrs prox/idence guarantees us real security. Cornier" is not escapism like political power9 material— and conspicuous consumption.
mpassion is the may forward. Xt makes forgiveness croxKth possible. Compassion was the politics of iihen Jesus fed thousands he demonstrated this* pf# *1 have compassion on the multitudew [Matthew Jesus9 parable of the prodigal son is about |or> toox wUJhen he was yet a great way off 9 his HP bim9 and had compassion9 and ran9 and fell acfc'# and Kissed him99 [Luke 1 5s20] • job tie Paul adwised us9 "Put on therefore9 as of God.. .bowels of m*rci#sfffColossian9 3 si 2]* advieed, "Be ya of one mind9 haying camp**-ror another# low* ** brethren9 be pitiful* be not rendering evil for evil* or railing for ut contrariwise blessing? knowing y* are tiled, thet ye ehould inherit a blessing11 A con^ ass innate person doe* not blind-ptrcelyed injury end can break away from a
hypocrisy and oppression#
Testing Your Bible Kn
3
§
I


5' J/ -s
gjt 9 i .2 *
0J
f
/*
5
- S
CO
5
1 . Who wept at thinking her son u,Qulrt	of
the desert?	^	^[ J?	^
2. Who wept over the death of his	S	|
Absalom?	If
3. What Old Testament woman is pictured as for her children and refusing to be comfottetf>
&
CO
*■»
c
4.	At whose death did Abraham weep?
5.	Who wept at seeing the new temple that was bvuvt. after the exiles’ return from Babylon?
6.	Whose second husband, Phaltiel* wept as e wa her return to her first husband, David?
7.	What caused Nehemiah to weep?	_	.
8.	Who cried as he begged Isaac for his
blessing?	_	.
9.	Who wept because her husband’s other wife auo et
her for being childless?
10.	Who wept because he realized David had a chance t
kill him but chose not to?
11.	Who said, "Oh, that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of tears”?
12.	Who wept when he thought Joseph was dead?
13.	Jacob wept with love and joy over what beautiful woman?
14.	Who cried in Egypt when his brothers did not recognize him?
15.	Wjhat judge's wife wept in front of him?
16.	What three men wept when they saw Job's misery?
17.	What prophet mentions women weeping for the god T ammuz?
18.	What New Testament epistle mentions the priest Melchizedek weeping?
19.	Who did Jesus tell not to weep for him?
20.	What king's decree for exterminination caused th Jews to weep?
21 . Who said, "Mine eye poureth out tears to God"?
22* What king of Israel wept in front of the proph
Elisha?
23* What two male friends wept together?
24* When Saul was king, what caused the people of G: eah to wall in despair?
25* What prophet cried when he realized what Hazael Syria would do to the people of Israel?
26* What king of Judah cried because of his terr illness?
27* Who wept with relief when he realized all his had not been killed?
28* The elders of what church wept over Paul?
29* Where was Paul when his friends wept at hear if prophecy that Paul would be handed over 1 Gentiles?
30# Who wept bitterly after denying Jesus?
31 • What baby was crying when he was discovert princess?
32* Who wept at her husband's fast and triad auada him from listening to tha advice
aaaiatant?
(Plea** find the anawrs on Page B)
PAGE
5
November 1999: Volume 10, Number 11
Israelite
Below is • poem by Felicia 0. Hemans, entitled* "The Landinq of the Pilgrims." The Pilgrims set sail from Delftshaven, Holland, in July, 1620, and landed on the coast of what is now Massachusetts on December 21, 1620. It was a bitter cold winter and many of these brave souls perished in those harsh times from sickness and hunger and cold, When I was in grade school, the reading of this poem was a tradition and an integral part of school study at this time of year. I fear that it has been largely forgotten in today*s educational system. These Pilgrim fathers had vision and faith in Yahweh our God that few of our people could match today
nie Landing of the Pilgrims
The breaking waves dashed high On a stern and rock-bound coast,
And the woods against a stormy sky Their giant branches tossed;
And the heavy night hung dark The hills and waters o'er,
When a band of exiles moored their bark On a wild New England shore.
Not as the conqueror comes.
They, the true-hearted, came;
Not with the roll of stirring drums.
And the trumpet that sings of fame;
Not as the flying come.
In silence and in fear;
They shook the depths of the desert's gloom With their hymns of lofty cheer.
Amid the storm they sang.
And the stars heard, and the sea;
And the sounding aisles of the dim woods rang To the anthem of the free.
The ocean eagle soared
From his nest by the white wave's foam.
And the rocking pines of the forest roared;
This was their welcome home!
There was woman's fearless eye,
Lit by her deep love's truth;
There was manhood's brow, serenely high.
And the fiery heart of youth.
What sought they thus afar?
Bright jewels of the mine?
The wealth of seas, the spoils of war -They sought a faith's pure shine!
Aye, call it holy ground,
The soil they first trod!
They have left unstained what there they found § Freedom to worship God!
The FBI's KEG1DD0 PROJECT
Most students of the Bible may be familiar with the term "Megiddo" as it is mentioned a total of eleven times, all in the Old Testament. It is found in Joshua 12*21 and 17*11; Judges 1*27 and 5*19; 1 Kings 4*12 and 9*15; 2 Kings 9*27, 23*29, and 23*30; 1 Chronicles 7*29, and 2 Chronicles 35*22. The prophet Zechariah (12*11) spoke of "Megiddo" as a place where great mourning would occur.
As a contrast, almost everyone, whether they have ever picked up a Bible or not, knows the term "Armageddon" which is a compound word meaning "mountain of Megiddo." The term "Armageddon" is only found once in the Scriptures - in Revelation 16*16. Megiddo is an area east of the Carmel Mountain range where many important battles were fought in Old Testament times. It was a strategic city in ancient Palestine, that due to its location made it a military stronghold at the crossroads of the main trade routes.
The "Megiddo" that we are referring to however is the name of a report by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (hereinafter referred to as the FBI) and is titled "PROJECT PEGID00." This report was sent to us about four weeks ago, and contains a 32-page analysis of what the U.S. Department of Justice refers to as a strategic assessment for the potential of domestic terrorism as a result of Y2K. Based upon an evaluation of the word "Megiddo" in Scripture, it is particularly troubling that a government agency such as the FBI would use such a title in a report of this nature. The UCI has distributed more than 400 copies of this FBI report and also the report received earlier and entitled, "Report from the FBI's 'Home Grown Terrorist' Conference, a 26-page paper outlining a five-day extravaganza for high levels of law-enforcement personnel at federal, state, and local levels.
As we understand it, this report was prepared under the seal of the FBI. lilhat is of most serious concern however, if that it was researched in cooperation with the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), two of the most anti-Christian organizations to be found anywhere in the world. That the FBI has to consort with such groups does not speak very highly Of this federal agency.
Our analysis of this report is that it resembles a "plan of action," and we are wondering if this is to be a repeat of Waco? It does appear that the FBI is intent on instigating and promoting same sort of confrontation somewhere in this country under the guise of domestic Y2K unrest and civil disobedience.
This report treats total "Christianity" as some sort of a cult religion. The following is a quote from pages I and I of this report*
"Religiously based domestic terrorists use the New Testament's Book of Revelation | the prophecy of the endtime - for the foundation of their belief
(Continued on Page §1
\
’The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 6
November
HI pel's fCGIDDO PFP3ECT" [Continued from Page 5] in the Apocalypse. Religious extremists interpret the symbolism portrayed in the Book of Revelation and mold it to predict that the end-time is now and that the Apocalypse is near. To understand many religious extremists, it is crucial to know the origin of the Book of Revelation and the meanings of its words, numbers and characters•"
I guess that those authors of this report have never reed the thirteenth chapter of the Gospel of Mark, and especially verse 32. But let me continue reading from this reports
"The Book of Revelation was written by a man named 'John1 urtio was exiled by the Roman government to a penal colony - the island of Patmos - because of his beliefs in Christ, While on the island, he experienced a series of visions, described in the Book of Revelation, The writing in the Book of Revelation is addressed to churches who were at the time experiencing or were threatened by persecution from Rome, because they were not following the government. For this reason, some believe the Book of Revelation was written in c°de language, much of which was taken from other parts of the Bible"
^"h® referral to the authorship of the Book of Revelation as "a man named "John" is nothing short of disrespectful. Further, they categorize the "churches" as receiving persecution because they would not follow the "government." What do we see today? Either you I become a "government church" by accepting IRS 501(c)(3) or you are subject to persecution.
Section III of the report utilizes four complete pages in a vain attempt to place a stigma on Christian Identity, with the government fools having no idea of what they are talking about. This appears to have been written by the co-authors from the ADL and the SPLC, It is inconceivable that a small splinter section of those who may claim to be Christian Identity is used to describe the world-wide movement. If this isn't religious persecution, I don't know what to call it.
This report appears to be based upon, at least, a dislike of Christian beliefs, if not a blatant hatred of such beliefs, I have found serious error in their translation and understanding of Scripture, so much so that I am concerned that these errors may support government repression and indeed "terrorism" against those churches and beliefs which may contradict some mainstream Christian beliefs. So much for "freedom of worship!”
Copies of the FBI report "Project Hagiildo" are available upon request. Also available is the Report from the FBI "Home Grown Terrorist" Conference, as well as the rebuttal letter from Col. 3. Richard Niamela to the FBI and Congress on "Megiddo." These will be
produced as copying and mailing funds allow, ______
Pray like your life impends upon it - IT 00C9I

%
Reflections oo 1999 aail
Within the next few weeks we will bia 1999 and enter the year 2000. While many sider this the new millennium, it is actually ^ year of the current millennium. There are many predicting a global catastrophe occurring on 3anu^^ 2000, and there are many who have been claiming nothing of major consequence is going to happen
the possible exception of a few minor inconveniences short duration. To be honest, I know of no indivich.
who is sure of what will happen. Of course, we mi have some short advance information as the first ma; country to experience the changeover will be New Ze land followed by Australia, Europe will encounter \ change some hours later, followed by us here in t United States, So, theoretically, we will have sc advance notice, even if it is less than a day.
We don't know as of yet just what the forthcomi year will bring in the way of world conditions. Sure this past century saw some remarkable achievemen in improving our standards of living and in harnessii mechanized power. But in the latter decades of th: century we have witnessed a severe deteriorization c the Christian ethic. We see many churches who hai slipped into empty buildings where God is no longe present. We have witnessed "Christians" who now g through the motions of being such, with no understanding of their theology. We witness some of the travail! that our nation has gone through in this century anc wonder if God is even listening any more. We are beinc inundated with foreign cultures which is changing our society in a demeaning way. We see our representatives in government oblivious to what the people desire, and more importantly, ignorant of the word of God.
We do not wish to prophesize, but we can predict that the future will be bleak at best. Unless Israel returns to Yahweh their God, they will suffer severe devastation and punishment. It has always happened in this manner, and the Almighty is unchangeable in His word. When Israel left God, the Almighty brought invasion and devastation upon the people. This has not changed in thousands of years, and if we think otherwise, the surprise of most will be great.
We will see increasing pressure to conform to the ways and traditions of man, and we will most likely see persecution of some manner. In John 15s20, and elsewhere we can read the words of our Saviour and both know and understand the future.
It is important for each of us, as the storm clouds gather on the horizon, to reflect on our faith and beliefs, and to study the word of God even more closely to know what the future brings* May I urge you in these last days to bring yourself closer to God through fcpj saving gracs of our Saviour, Christ Jesus. As 1999 fades into history, and as we head into the year 2000, may the Peace of our Saviour which passeth all human understanding and comprehension be with you always.
PAGE 7
November 1999: Volume 10, Number 11
i Christian Israelite
The One World Church
From Discerning The Times, July 1999 & publication of Environmental Perspectives, Inc.,
1229 Broadway, Suite 313, Bangor, Maine 04401
gyring the June 1999, Summer Solstice, the United Migiens Initiative (URl) began the final stage to income the United Religions (UR). Attended by representatives from every religion around the world, this 1999 URI Global Summit put the final touches on the Halted Religions charter, to be signed and implemented on June 26, 2003. Once ratified, the UR will become the world church according to its promoters.
Little known to even the evangelical Christian Owrch, the WRI has been steadily working since 1993 to establish a world church that will be structured in a manner similar to the United Nations. UR has been a longtime dream of Robert Muller, another mover and shaker within the UN. During his keynote speech to the Global Citizenship 2000 Youth Congress in Vancouver, BC [Canada], Muller revealed that, "My great personal dream is to get a tremendous alliance between all the major religions and the UN."
ffciller has served as the right hand man to UN Secretary General’s U Thant, Kurt Waldheim, Perez de Cuellar, and Koffi Annan, as well as in numerous high ranking educational positions within UNESCO. Originally a Catholic, Muller became a student and practitioner of "Eastern mysticism." In his book. New Genesis: Shaping a Global Spirituality, Muller asserts, "Peace will be impossible without the taming of fundamentalism through a United Religions that professes faithfulness only to the global spirituality and to the health of this planet." "Urat the world needs today," continues Muller "is...the cosmic or divine laws which ought to regulate our behavior on the planet."
Muller used the 1993 Parliament of World Religions Conference to put his plans into motion. Attended by approximately 5,500 religious leaders from every religion and denomination, Muller called for the creation of a "permanent institution" to promote religious unity during his keynote address. To that end, the Parliament created an inner circle of religious authorities called the Assembly of Religious and Spiritual Leaders.
The Assembly immediately adopted an interfaith document drafted by Catholic theologian Hans Kung entitled Towards a Global Ethic. An Initial Declaration. The Global Ethic establishes a "common set of core values" that are based on "ancient guidelines for human behavior which are found in the teachings of the religions of the world and which are the conditions for a sustainable world order." The ethic forms "an irrevocable, unconditional norm for all areas of life, for families and communities, for races, nations, and religions."
Following Muller*s lead, the Assembly also introduced the "United Religions Initiative," designed to be the vehicle for implementing the ^jobal Ethic in coor-
dination with the Earth Charter. Bishop William Swing of Grace Episcopal Cathedral in San Francisco was tapped to lead the effort. In a June 23, 1997, press release, Swing confirmed the UR*s ultimate purpose,"The URI-if successful-will be a spiritual United Nations."
By collaborating with Muller, the Gorbachev Foundation, the Vatican, the UN and the Temple of Understanding (see March issue of DTT), Swing has brought the URI to fruition. The UR is to be functional on June 26, 2000, and fully operational by 2005.
The UR will be headquartered in San Francisco at the Presidio, along with the Gorbachev Foundation. Mikhail Gorbachev is fully supportive of the UR, noting on his Green Cross web page, that "we need a new system of values, a system of the organic unity between mankind and nature and he ethic of global responsibility." Green Cross, along with Maurice Strong*s Earth Council, is writing the Earth Charter to be the legal hammer after it is ratified in 2002 to enforce this pantheistic religion (see June 1999 issue of DTT).
Tragically, the evangelical Christian Church is blind to this emerging world church and the monumental Biblical implications it conveys. By reducing Jesus Christ to the level of Buddha and other avatars, the ER denies the. diety of Jesus Christ. Jesus proclaims to the world that, "I am the resurrection, and the life? he that believeth in ms though he were dead, yet shall he live," and "I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cameth into the Father, but by me.” [John 11:25 and 14:6 KJV]. Not only did Jesus claim to be the only way to God, heaven, and eternal life, but he professed to be God himself by claiming in John 8:58 to be the great I AM of Exodus 3:14.
Either Jesus is who he claims he is, or he is a liar and a fraud. There is simply no middle ground. Jesus warns in Matthew 7:13-14 that all-inclusive efforts like UR lead to destruction, "wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which (enter)." Christianity, on the other hand, represents the narrow way or gate.
Such narrow minded, exclusionary beliefs will not be allowed by the new World Church. Kung, in his book Global Responsibility: In Search of a New World Ethic warns "any form of...church conservatism is to be rejected...To put it bluntly; no regressive or repressive religion—whether Christian, Islamic, Jewish or of whatever provenance—has a long-term future."
The Biblically based Church has been served a warning. Comply, or be eliminated. But rather than cower in fear, the Church should be preparing itself to once again become the light on the hill, the hope of the world,
A Commentary from the Virginia Christian Israelites We have long wondered when the "one world religion" would arrive on the scene in the attempt to dominate ail religions, beliefs, and nations. It would be wise and prudent to keep an eye on this unholy alliance in the future as it*s development continues. And pray God for strength to overcome and continue in the truth.
Hie Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 8
Debate Orer "Bible Code* 1 Reneved
Richard N. Qstling, Religion Writer, Associated Press
An international team of statisticians is attacking "Bible code" theory, which claims the Old Testament contains secret references to 20th century events.
Television documentaries, fast-selling books and numerous articles have popularized the idea, which originated with a 1994 article in the academic journal Statistical Science. Last week the same journal, published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics, based in Hayward, California, published a study by three researchers challenging the theory. The study, in essence said, "Despite a considerable amount of effort, we have been unable to detect the codes."
According to Bible code proponents, the Hebrew text of the Old Testament refers to events that were thousands of years away, when the text was written. The hidden references are revealed by turning the text into a string of letters without spaces and looking for words formed by equidistant letter sequences. For instance, computers might select every ninth Hebrew letter and register a "hit" when a "coded" word intersects with a Bible verse containing related words.
The technique has been used to claim encoded biblical predictions of everything from the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin in 1995 to a Los Angeles earthquake in the year 2010.
Major Bible scholars have ignored the code, noting that no one has a letter-by-letter version of the Bible as originally written.. The oldest surviving manuscripts include slight variations. The new article makes the same relevant point. The theory was put forward in 1994, in which three Israeli scholars [this alone should raise a red flag-Ed.] reported on tests using the Book of Genesis that produced intersections between names of famous rabbis and their birth or death dates. [This is scientific Scriptural truth?-Ed.]
That experiment is re-tested in the new article, written up in the same publication as the original, by Dror Bar-Natan and Gil Kalai, who teach mathematics at Jerusalem's Hebrew University; Maya Bar-Hillel, a psychology professor at the same school; and Brendan McKay, a computer scientist at Australian National University#
Such letter configurations can be found in any long text, the article says. They repeated the 1994 experiment, using other spellings and assumptions and applying the rabbis1 names to other biblical books. Comparison tests using the Hebrew translation of Tolstoy's "yjar and Peace" were just as successful as those done with the Bible#
Bar-Natan said the 1994 article was based on research that offered "enough wiggle room to produce whatever you wanted," But Michael Drosnin, author of "The Bible Code," stood by the theory. He said a retired code-breaker for the U#5# National Security
\
November 1999:
$
Agency has proven the code works, [so much for naSB security-Ed.]
Eliyahu Rips, a co-author of the original article in 1994, and professor in the same department as Bar-Natan and Kalai, issued a statement promising a "detailed reply" soon. He called the new article's examples "mathematically meaningless." Robert Kass, head of the statistics department at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, edited Statistical Science when it published the 1994 article. In a recent interview he said that the 1994 data "involved a lot of latitude" and
skewed the findings.
A Commentary from the Virginia Christian Israelites The Bible Code, Michael Drosnin, published by Simon and Schuster, 1997, 265 pp, $25.00 hb liihen this book was first published in 1997, it created, especially among many Christians, an awesome expectation of presumably seeing what God had in store for the future. There was a great deal of media "talk" on the subject, a fact which did not go unnoticed by some who are aware of "who" controls the media. Eventually, after receiving so many questions on this "remarkable discovery," we bought the book and carefully read all of the explanations and theory. After completing the book, we arrived at the same conclusions as the authors of the current article - IT IS A SHAM! All that we truthfully learned was that we had been taken for the $23.00 that we paid for the book. Of course we should have considered "what" the author is, before purchasing the text. The best that can be said about the entire book is that it is nothing more than a "theory," which is an unproven hypothesis, and in this case it appears to be one related to personal gain. It is a shame that so many sincere, but gullible, Christians have been duped by this "Bible code" hypothesis. Remember what the Scriptures have to say about the end times and the conditions that will prevail. Be warned!
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE from Page 4
(1) Hagar, mother of Ishmael, Genesis 21:16; (2) David, 2 Samuel 18:33; (3) Rachel, Jeremiah 31:15; (4) Sarah's Genesis 23:2; (5) Old men who remembered the glory of Solomon's temple, Ezra 3:12; (6) Mlchals, 2 Samuel 3:16; (7) He heard the walls of Jerusalem were still in ruins, Nehemiah 1:4;	(8) Esau, Genesis 27:38; (9)
Hannah, 1 Samuel 1:7; (10) Saul, 1 Samuel 24:16; (11) Jeremiah, 9:1; (12) Jacob, Genesis 27:35; (13) Rachel, Genesis 29:11) (14) Joseph, Genesis 42:24; (15) Samson's, Judges 14:16; (16) Eliphaz, Bildad, Zophar, Job 2:12; (17) Ezekial, 8:14; (18) Hebrews, 5:6-7; (19) The daughters of Jerusalem, Luke 23:28; (20) Ahasuerus's, Esther 4:3; (21) Job, 16:20; (22) Joash, 2 Kings 13:14; (23) David and Jonathan, 1 Samuel 20:41; (24) The threat of attack by the Ammonites, 1 Samuel 11:4; (25) Elisha, 2 Kings 8:11; (26) Hezekiah, 2 Kings 20:3; (27) David, 2 Samuel 13:36; (28) Ephesus, Acts 20:37; (29) Caesarea, Acts 21; (30) Peter, Matthew 26:75; (31) Motet, Exodus 2:6; (32) Either, 8:3.
PAGE 9
November 1999: Volume 10, Nun*
*****
Christian Israelite
tm ALMIGHTY,
Llohim of our Fathers, of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and of their righteous offspring;
who hast made heaven and earth in their manifold array; who hast confined the ocean by thy word of command, who hast shut up the abyss and sealed it with thy fearful and glorious name; all things tremble and quake in the face of thy power.
For the majesty of thy glory is more than man can bear, and none can endure thy menacing wrath against sinners; the mercy in thy promise is beyond measure; none can fathom it.
For thou art Yahweh Most High, compassionate, patient, and of great mercy, relenting when men suffer for their sins.
For out of thy great goodness thou, 0 Yahweh, has promised repentence and remission to those who sin against thee, and in thy boundless mercy thou hast appointed repentence for sinners as the way of salvation.
So thou, Yahweh Elohim of the righteous, didst not appoint repentence for Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, who were righteous and did not sin against thee, but for me, a sinner, whose sins are more in number than the sands of the sea.
My transgressions abound, 0 Yahweh, my transgressions abound, and I am not worthy to look up and gaze at the height of heaven because of the number of my wrongdoings.
Bowed down with a heavy chain of iron, I grieve over my sins and find no relief, because I have provoked thy anger and done what is evil in thine eyes, setting up idols and so piling sin upon sin.
Now I humble my heart, imploring thy great goodness.
I have sinned, 0 Yahweh, I have sinned, and I acknowledge my transgressions
1 pray and beseech thee, spare me, 0 Yahweh, spare me, destroy me not with my transgressions on my head, do not be angry with me for ever, nor store up evil for me.
Do not condemn me to the grave, for thou, Yahweh, art the Elohim of the penitent.
Thou wilt show thy goodness towards me. for unworthy as I am thou wilt save me In thy great mercy;
and so I shall praise thee continually all the days of my life.
For all the host of heaven sings thy praise, and thy glory is for ever and ever. AMEN.
Z Mlt<
X
j I
/

VA 'TTTH punoH *601 xoe 'O *d e^xieersi OTT^sxatiD exuTbaxA
The Holy Bible is God's Word and His instructions to us.
The answers to all of our problems in life can be found therein.
If My people, which are called by My name, shall humble themselves and pray, and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
2 Chronicles 7:14