THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITEf
The Newsletter of Virginia Christian Israelites
Pott Office Bo* 109 • Pound HIM, Virginia 22141
Ifcforer, I trill appoint a place for ay people, Israel, and will plant then, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime. * (II Samuel 7s 10)
January 1 996
Volume 7, Number 1
Migrations of The Tribes of Israel
Judea
CHUCK KUHLER, 1*1.Th., Pastor Virginia Christian Israelites
Uie do believe in the inerrant truth and accuracy of the Bible, for although we do acknowledge that there are some translation problems, without the writ of Scripture, we have nothing to base our beliefs upon. Uie could not rely strictly upon an oral transmission over these many long centuries, as we would then encounter the same ’’man-made” problems as are encountered in the Jewish Babylonian Talmud which was revised and added to for a period exceeding over a thousand years of ’’tradition." And surely today we find tradition ...in many of the denominations we find ’’ceremony” and ’’service” based upon man’s traditions in contrast to scriptural truths.
life hear on a continuous basis and from a wide array of personages about the imminent return of our Saviour, Christ Jesus. There have been multitudinous predictions, of a purely speculative nature, dating back to the early years of Christianity (shortly after the ascension) and continuing on through the centuries to our present time. To our understanding these predictions have increased in scope from the mid-1800’s and today could be considered as epidemic. So what is the problem with these predictions? The problem is that they have all been in error and totally wrong!
Some of those making these predictions have surely been learned and respected indi-dividuals within the circle of theology, and Christian Israelite scholars have not been absent from this roster. It is known that some of these ’’prophets” have scupulously studied the scriptures and have made lengthy calculations and predictions based upon what they have found contained therein. It is to their credit that they have made this effort, although to little avail. Uie, at Virginia Christian Israelites (in an official position) have never made or endorsed any attempt to ascertain the second advent. Uie have some who have "personal opinions” on the date, even though they often are in contradiction with one another.
Uie do feel that conditions are leading up to catastrophic occurrences and happenings, and we do feel that world situations reveal that we could be very close to this advent, but we have little to compare against. Has mystery Babylon reached its zenith of evil? Have wars and famines and pestilence arrived at the apex of their ferocity, or is this peak still to be realized in the near or far future? Uie can see the extent of what we are encountering today and can compare it to past history, but know little or nothing of what the future bodes with respect to the aforementioned plagues and the human and personal apostasy in general. It is in this context that we hesitate to proclaim a time for the return of our Saviour. Uie are not ’’prophets" who are inerrant in nature, although with our current knowledge we feel that the second advent may indeed be close at hand. Ulorldly conditions can change overnight or in a matter of hours.	[Continued on Page 2]
Virginia Christian Israelite
P A G K
2
January 1996# Volume 7# Muml^r 1
WIU IT H 19967 [Continued from Page 1]
I
Qh a recent trip to Florida, I had the opportunity to converse with a goodly number of people from many different geographic areas, but primarily from the eastern portion of the country from Maine to Florida. ^' these people have the realization and knowledge that "things" are terribly wrong in our nation (and in ||HMi|f other Israelite nations). In talking with citizens ■Hpfc Canada I encountered the same feeling of apprehension.
There is a strong undercurrent of foreboding crisis with "our people". For the most part, their :,fM£us is on the governments, world conditions, and the ■Bp that they are being fed in the "establishment I®	They steadfastly do not relate their apprehen-
sions to, or seek answers from, the Word of God. Some that "government" and "religion" are in two different and distinct spheres with government being the here and now, and religion being the future, and a non-related entity.
In attempting to ascertain the root cause of this trend or interpretative understanding, I pursued the matter further only to learn that the it all leads to the individual non-literate preacher or minister. This individual is often preaching "salvation only" forgetting the balance of scripture and its application. And of course, many are teaching the "rapture doctrine" and the fact that "you won’t have to worry about troublous times because you will be whisked away beforehand".
Others, supposedly in God’s work, utilize the coming second advent for ulterior and false motives based upon and financial considerations. These "professional prophets" continue in their attempts to scare their flocks into donating more money "because Jesus is coming soon". How similar this is to the "indulgences" (of the Roman Catholic church. What is even more amazing is the gullability of these Christians who continue to support these charlatans even after they have been discredited several times. And in conjunction, these fake prophets continue to predict and prophesy with utter contempt and disregard for Yahweh and His word. You can hear many of these phonies on TV and radio almost every night (and day).
Our Saviour Christ Jesus, in the gospels, provided many "signs" of His second advent but he also provided information on what we could and would not know:
"But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven# but my Father only." [see Matthew 24:36] and, "But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.® [see Mark 13:32]
If our Saviour is stating that "no man knoweth the day or the hour", what makes these false prophet? continue to predict that they know either the day and/or hour?
And what would it benefit us if we actually did know the day and/or hour? Could we lead a life of ungodly
traits and moral decadence until just prior to the return and then seek forgiveness for our sins and acts? Isn’t this what many do today, hoping for forgiveness just prior to dying? This would be fine if we knew when we were going to expire, but that is not always possible or true...and if we die before seeking forgiveness, (that is only if forgiveness is from a repentent heart), we are doomed.
As we start this new year, realize that 1996 could be the year that will see the return of our Saviour. While world conditions as I write this are relatively calm, we still have the Bosnian mess, simmering conditions in the middle east, unrest in Latin and South America, and the unresolved problems in the Orient. This in addition to all of the domestic problems in the nation could result in some sort of dynamic crisis of major proportions. The scriptures tell us of forthcoming critical events. It is up to us to search and study the Holy writs so that we are prepared with knowledge. Consider the following verses from Hosea 4 and see if they apply to conditions today:
"Ply people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to Pie: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy Elohim, I will also forget thy children. As they were increased, so they sinned against Pie: therefore will I change their glory into shame."
May 1996 be a year to strengthen your relationship with Yahweh your God. In this manner you will be prepared whether 1996 is or is not the second advent of our Saviour. I pray that Yahweh watches over you (the remnant) and guides you in all of your endeavors, protects you in these troublous times, and may the Peace of our Saviour Christ Jesus, which passeth all human understanding and comprehension, be with you today and forever. A blessed new year - 1996! Amen.
* * * * *
IDENTITY TESTIMONY The Bishop of St. David's, in the fourteenth-century, appears in his speech in the English Parliament to have distinctly recognized England as God’s heritage Israel, for he said:
"And so you may embrace your noble King. •• for there is through him that peace over Israel which the scriptures name - Israel being the heritage of God and that heritage being also - England. For, in good truth, I believe that God would never have honored this country by victories such as had given glory to Israel, had He not intended it far His heritage also."
1 i * * *
A BIBLE TRUTH "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth My word, and believeth on Him that sent Me, hath everlast-lng life, and shall not come into condemnation) but is passed from death unto life." [John 5)24]
Itop Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 3
January 1996, Volume 1, Number 1
Race and Crime
Excerpted from Intelligence Digest Cheltenham, England
The increase of murders, rapes, and related crimes of violence has reached epidemic proportions across the United States, and has become a topic of discussion on a worldwide basis. The underlying cause that quietly remains behind so much of the violence is the race conflicts. This issue is of the gravest importance. A world in which America is either unable or unwilling to give and provide leadership will be a far more dangerous world.
The U.S. has immense financial problems, caused by an excess of generosity to the outside world (through carrying too much of the burden of li/estern defense for decades, and largely useless aid to handouts to the Third World), and through an excess of generosity to its own citizens. These financial problems are solvable given the right economic and trade policies, and the help of the rest of the developed world in sharing more of the defense burden. It will not be an easy adjustment, but the adjustment can be made.
But the financial problems are not the only cause of concern regarding America*s ability and willingness to shoulder the burden of world leadership. Social problems can sap the will to an even greater extent than financial ones, and, as some observers are reporting, the race-linked social problems are now almost literally bleeding America to death.
The answer is a complete reversal of almost thirty years of wrong thinking on social- issues. The root of the problem is the whole concept of rights. A society that thinks only in terms of rights is thinking only in terms of "what’s in it for me”. The opposite of a right is a duty. A complete revolution is needed to get the ordinary person thinking in terms of his duties, not his rights. If he performs his duties, then other citizens automatically get their rights.
If people just take their rights, and no one performs the corresponding duty, the result is mayhem and anarchy. If America is getting close to that, Britain and Europe are only just behind them.
Part of the reason crime is proliferating is due to America’s lenient criminal justice system. All too often, the U.S. criminal justice system, rather than executing murderers, or putting them in jail for life, turns them back on to the streets, often to kill again. Wore than 80 percent of U.S. jail inmates are recidivists, with nearly 6056 of them having been incarcerated twice before.
At the heart of the violent-crime wave in the U.S. are the blacks who commit a disproportionate percentage of violent criminal acts. Nationally, blacks make up 12.556 of the population but are responsible for 50% of all rapes and robberies and 6056 of murders. 9956 of the inmates of Washington, D.C. jails are
black. Across America, more than forty percent of all black males between the ages of 18 and 35 are incarcerated, under indictment, pending trial, on parole, or a fugitive being sought by the police.
Adding fuel to the fire is the extreme rhetoric of some militant black voices. An example of such was a column in the CAPITAL SPOTLIGHT, a black Washington weekly, by James Strong who indicated that as far as he was concerned ”to relieve tensions and restore racial calm, Washingtonians need to engage in a good old-fashioned, blood-soaking race war”. An earlier column by the same author advocated killing conservative blacks.
It is quite clear now that the soft approach to race and other social issues that has dominated for over 30 years has achieved next to nothing in results. Those whom these policies were meant to help have rejected the justice, and moral standards of the majority. If the ideals on which America is based are to be saved, that majority must now call for a complete reversal of policies that have brought the country to its knees.
If blacks, and all of the others demanding their ’’rights” when what they should be doing is fulfilling their duties, want to be a part of mainstream America, then they must earn it, if they are not to destroy the very society they wish to be a part of.
**********
"Thou shalt beget sons and daughters, but thou shalt not enjoy them: for they shall go into captivity. All thy trees and fruit of the land shall the locust consume. The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down very low.” (Deuteronomy 28:41-43)
"Wake a chain: for the land is full of bloody crimes, and the city is full of violence. Wherefore I will bring the worst of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses...Destruction cometh and they shall seek peace and there shall be none."(Ezekial 7:23-25)
”0ur inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens." (Lamentations 5:2)
"Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.” (Isaiah 1:7)
"...one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee; thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother." (Deuteronomy 17:15)
"And I will make the rivers dry, and sell the land into the hands of the wicked: and I will make the land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the Lord have spoken it.w(Ezekial 30:12)
P A G K 4
January 1996, Voliimf? 7,
VJ*T£
Judah Was Not the First Jew
By John C. Inquest (Fictitious name "for fear of the Jews") December 1995
The mystery as to the origin of the "Jews" is quickly solved by tracing the genealogy of the three half-breed sons of Judah, who was the fourth son of Jacob-Israel. Judah had committed fornication by marrying a Canaanite woman of strange flesh.
She Ever-Living Almighty did not allow the descendants of Judah's surviving half-breed Canaanite son, Shelah (Sbeeney), the Bible's FIRST JEW, to negate His Plan. The Plan was for Judah to sire a pure Aryan line of kings to rule the Jacob-Israel Caucasian nations of Western Europe and the British Isles — "the appointed place." [See: Genesis 35:10-11; Second Samuel 7:10.]
The Ever-Living Almighty assured Jeremiah that the fruition of His plan for Judah would be accomplished by allowing Jeremiah to see in a vision two baskets of figs, the emblem of the Tribe of Judah. There beside the basket of "very naughty figs" was the basket of "very good figs." [See: Jeremiah 24:1-3.]
The Ever-Living Almighty accomplished His Plan by making sinful Judah survive a real-life lusty drama with a plot beyond the imagination to any great novelist. The story is recorded in the "Forgotten Books of Eden," page 233, under the title, "The Testament of Judah," a real true confession story.
Judah was confronted with a "shot-gun" wedding to Bathshua, an olive-skinmned Canaanite woman. "For I said to my father-in-law: I will take counsel with my father, and so will I take thy daughter. And he was unwilling, but be showed me a boundless store of gold in his daughter's behalf; for he was a king. And he adorned her with gold and pearls, and caused her to pour out wine for us at the feast with the beauty of women. And the wine turned aside my eyes, and pleasure blinded my heart. And I became enamoured of and I lay with her, and transgressed the commandient of the Lord and the commandment of my father, and I took her to wife."
This marriage produced the three half-breed dusky Canaanite sons — Er, Onan, Shelah (Sheeney). When his half-breed sons became of age, Judah was determined that they should marry into his white Adamic race, rather than into their mother's dark Canaanite race. Judah chose Tamar, a white descendant of the great patriot Shea, to wed his elder son Er, who did
not survive the first night of marriage. Then Judah qave Tamar to his second half-breed son Onan, who the Almiqhty also slew soon after the marriage. Tradition called for Judah to give Tamar to his third son, Shelah, but Judah did not because he was afraid young Shelah would not survive the marriage.
Then Judah's Canaanite wife, Bathshua, tricked her husband. "And while I was away she went and took for Shelah a wife from Canaan. And when I knew what she had done, I cursed her in the anguish of my soul. And she also died through her wickedness together with her sons." [See: "The Testament of Judah," chapter 2:19-21, page 236.]
Since circumstances had caused white Tamar to remain a widow, she also tricked sinful Judah, her father-in-law, into siring by her out of wedlock, twin sons, Zarah and Pharez, called the good figs of Judah. [See: Genesis 38:1-30.] The twin Aryan sons were never called "Jews" because they had not a drop of cursed Canaanite blood in their veins.
"The Testament of Judah," chapter 2:10, page 236, says: "Tamar, was from Mesopotamia, a daughter of Aram." Genesis 10:22 says: "The children of Shei: Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxed, and Lud, and Aram."
Thus Aram was the youngest son of Shem, the son of Noah — the "very fair" Aryan. Shem lived 98 years before the Great Flood and 502 years after the Flood. Abranam and Isaac personally knew Shem who died ten years before Jacob-Israel and Esau were born. [See: Smith's Bible Dictionary, Teacher's edition, chart on page 773.]
When we consider the household of Judah, we see that Judah had three living boys. [Er and Onan and his Canaanite wife were now deceased.] The three boys were:
1.	Shelah whose mother was the full-blooded oliveskinned cursed Canaanite Bathshua, an Adullamite. This racial cross breeding between an Israelite and Canaanite (Cainite) created the Bible's FIRST JEW;
2.	Zarah, and
3.	Pharez, the twin white Aryan sons whose mother was the twiced widowed daugther-in-law Tamar of Aryan Shem descent, which made these sons the children of Shem on both the paternal and the maternal sides.
Alexandre Schiffner (1944) described the family squabble over the heirship to Judah's Sceptre, the ruleship over Yahshua's vineyard during His absence: "Shelah calling the twins bastards because they were born out of wedlock, and the twins claiiinq to be the heirs
Then Jit-rad, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth and sent forth, and slew all tl children that were in bethieluan, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and younger, according to tl time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men. Then wa^ fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy tl proptuet, saying. In Rama was there a voice heard, lament ion, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weepii
for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not. [Matthew 2i16-181
PAGE 5
January 1996, Volume 7, Number 1
because of their pure Israelitish descent. Zarah claiied the riqht of the elder on the strength of the scarlet thread; whereas Pharez disputed that claii on the strenqth of being bom first.* [See: Genesis 38:27-30.)
Yahshua (Jesus Christ), the Messiah in the flesh, descended by way of the House of David, a branch of the Pharez line of kings. [See:	Ruth	4:18-22.]
Therefore, it is iipossible for a genealogist to label Jesus Christ a Jew, for there was not a drop of cursed Canaanite Shelanite [Jew] blood in His fleshly veins! [See: Matthew 1:1-16; Luke 3:23-38.]
The heir to Judah's Sceptre — to rule froi the Royal Throne of David over all Israel until the Advent of the Messiah — legally went to his half-breed Satanic cursed Canaanite son Shelab, since he was the elder living son at the tiie of Judah's death. Therefore, the descendants of Shelah, the cursed Shelanite ■Sheeney" true Jews, where given their opportunity to prove their right to the heirship of Judah's Sceptre by being penitted to govern in Jerusalen and Judea [Yahshua's vineyard] as the "Nation of the Jews." [See: Matthew 21:33-41; Mark 12:1-9; Luke 20:9-16.]
But these "Sheeney" Jews let ruleship slip froi their bands when they forcefully converted their neighbor, the Esau-Hittite Iduieans, into accepting their Babylonian "Religion of the Jews" — which iade the Esau-Hittites the False Jews! [See: Revelation 2:9; 3:9.] Thus the descendants of Esau becane "Jews" hoping to regain their long lost Birthright and Blessing of ruleship.
When Yahshua the Messiah caie to His "vineyard," the Holy Land of Judea, to take the Sceptre of His Kingdoi, the Herods of Esau-Hittite descent — the False Jews — were in coiplete doiinion of Messiah's Kingdoi and in control of the Great Teiple at Jerusalei. [See: Genesis 27:38-41; also read Josephus, "Wars of the Jews."]
By the crucifixion of their landlord, the King of Israel, the cursed Canaanite "Sheeney" true Jews were scheeiing to establish forever their Sceptre and Birthright heirship over the descendants of their half-brothers, the younger twin sons of Judah, Zarah and Pharez, the progenitors of the good figs of Judah. Yet at the sate tiie, the Esau-Hittite False Jews of the Herod dynesty used Yahshua's crucifixion for plotting to regain Esau's long lost claii to Judah's Sceptre and also the Blessing of world econoiic doiinion froi Jerusalei.
Like Cain, the "Sheeney" Canaanite Pharisee Jews worship God, but deny the blood of Christ as their Saviour. The Esau Sadducee False Jews are atheist. Both sects practice the Secret Wisdoi of the East in their lodges. The neophyte is sworn to worship Lucifer and not to reveal that secret under threat of death, and attains the Celestial Kingdoi by good works.
These bad figs of Judah, the cursed Canaanite "Sheeney" true Jews, would not coie into the kingdoi even after Yahshua the Messiah caie out [his first Advent] and intreated thei. They lurdered Hii at Calvary! They would not repent of their lurder of Yahshua the Messiah, just as Cain the first lurderer, would not seek forgiveness after his lurder of his half-brother Abel. Therefore Cain was rejected — and in like lanner was the "Nation of the Judeans" {Jews} rejected: "Therefore say I unto you, The kingdoi of God shall be taken froi you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof." — Matthew 21:43.
The Kingdoi was then "given" to divorced Israel [Jereiiah 3:8; Hosea 2:23; Revelation 1:5-6] assei-bling in the Isles (England), under the Judah Sceptre of the descendants of the Royal line of the good figs — Zarah and Pharez. The descendants of these twins, and the so-called ten lost tribes of Israel, did not reject the preaching of the Gospel of the Kingdoi of Yahshua their Messiah. They were given a new naie — Christian! [See; Acts 11:26; Isaiah 62:2.]
This Royal line [the two sticks joined — Zarah and Pharez] is still ruling froi the Throne of England and will continue to rule froi that throne, no latter if lany leibers of the ruling faiilies becoie debased and iiioral. [See: Genesis 49:10; also, "The Book of Tephi," Destiny Publishers, P.0. Box 177, Merriiac, Massachusetts 01860.]
The Jews' violent rejection of the Messiah, the heir to the Throne of David [John 19:15], caused the Messiah to pronounce their doon under His sunnons and judgient: "But those line eneiies, which would not that I should reign over thei, bring hither, and slay thei before ie."—Luke 19:27.
Since Deceiber 9, 1917, when the British General Ediund Henry Hyman Allenby captured Jerusalei and broke the power of the descendants of Esau's grandson Teian, the Ottenan Turks, who had ruled Judea and Jerusalei for 400 years, the Satanic Canaanite Jews have been asseibling in the old land of cursed Canaan on schedule for their slaughter coie World War III.
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written. There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, And shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob: For this is my covenant unto
them, when I shall take away their sins. [Romans 11:26,27]
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 6
January 1996, Volume 7, Number 1
The Secret Religion
by STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, Massachusetts 02045
It nav surprise you to learn that the oldest religion in the world is Satanism. Yes, it is older than Judaism and Christianity! Lucifer, an angel, rebelled against God the Creator. His names, Satan and the Devil, mean "resister, rebel, and slanderer.” Many angels joined Satan. They were cast out of heaven. "And the angels did not keep their original positions but forsook their awn proper dwelling place so he has reserved them with eternal bonds under dense darkness for the judgment of the great day” [Jude 6].
Satan wanted to be worshipped as God, and he led Adam and Eve to disobey God. Every man and woman who ever Heed were exposed to Satanism, just as we are today. Satan promised Adam and Eve "knowledge" if they ate the fruit of the tree, saying God was a liar, "for God knows that the day you eat from it your eyes will be opened and you are bound to be like God, knowing good and evil" [Genesis 3:5].
In the days of Noah the evil angels took on carnal bodies and had sexual relations with women. The hybrid offspring, the Nephilim, were lustful and violent. God used the Deluge to destroy these unnatural creatures and that corrupt ancient society [Genesis 6:1-7]. Jesus Christ not only exorcised many demons, but He acknowledged the very existence of the Satanic cult itself, "I know where thou dwellest, even Satan's seat is" [Revelation 2:13]. In fact the Museum Island contained the Pergamos altar until 1944 when it mysteriously disappeared. It is probably being used somewhere as an altar by Satanists today to practice the black arts. Lenin's mausoleum in Russia is believed to be modeled on it.
Just as all religions have denominations in the fun-dasental faith, Satanism has also. Communism, Capitalism, and Zionism are the three largest branches. People under these systems are exposed to satanic values and corrupted by satanic social institutions and the media. Scores of publications in the United States have tens of millions of readers in spiritualism and related practices. This amounts to millions of dollars, not including the sale of amulets and paraphernalia. The oldest religion is thriving equally in the other countries of the world. Yet we read, "Don't turn yourselves to spirit mediums, and don't consult professional foretellers of events, so as to become unclean by them" [Leviticus 19:31]. In the desert, Jesus Christ resisted the temptations of the devil to belong to the Satanist cult [Matthew 4:1-10]. Scripture declares the dead are conscious of nothing [Psalm 146:4 and Ecclesiastes 9f5#10]«
In the first century, Christians in Ephesus rejected belief in contacting the dead and elemental spirits. Those who practiced magical arts brought their books together and burned them up before everybody [Acts
19:19. But Satan has many ways of ensnaring people. He entered Judas Iscariot [Luke 22:3].
Satanists behave like Satan. They pretend to advocate a noble cause. "For such men are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into angels of Christ. And no wonder, for Satan himself keeps transforming himself into an angel of light" [2 Corinthians 13,14]. Moreover, Satan is the father of the Jews [John 8:44].
Karl Marx is the classical Satanist. He was a Jew. He declared himself an enemy of God and religion. He was a materialist. He claimed he wanted to improve the lot of the worker. He advocated a classless (and raceless) society. His correspondence is full of obscenities. His followers stated he was a person full of hate. He exalted his own will above all else. He fostered doubt about one's relations and neighbors. He wanted revenge for his unhappiness. He is full of despair. He left proof of his devil worship in his poetry and private life. Helen Demuth, his housemaid, after his death said, "He was a God-fearing man. When very sick, he prayed alone in his room before a row of lighted candles, tying a sort of a tape measure around his forehead." This sounds like the philacteries worn by orthodox Jews. But Marx was a baptised Christian who never practiced Judaism! Jews don't say prayers in front of candles either. Marx brought up his children atheists. Communists who followed him tortured and murdered millions of Christians. This is work on a satanic scale.
The Hardening of Pharaoh's Heart
In the account of the miraculous plagues of Egypt, the book of Exodus mentions - on 19 occasions - that the heart of Pharoah was hardened, and he refused to be convinced that the sparing of the Israelites from these disasters was a mark of the providence of God for them.
The mummy of the Pharaoh considered by scholars to be the Pharaoh of the Exodus (Menephtah) was discovered in 1907; and its finding provided a most convincing proof of the accuracy of the Biblical account concerning him. The preservation of his body was such that it was possible for eminent modern physicians to pronounce with certainty that his heart had, very literally, been hardened, for he suffered from the disease known as atheroma, in which calcium salts were deposited in the walls of that organ, making it rigid and inelastic. A consequence of this disorder is narrowness and inflexibility of mental outlook, of a type so apparent in the case of the Pharaoh of the sacred record.
Though the phrase "hardened the heart" has now passed into common currency, there is proof positive that with the Pharaoh of the Oppression the physical organ had been reduced to such a state that the mental processes of the man himself must have been profoundly affected.
[News Views, Joppa Gospel Tabernacle, Baltimore, Md.
October 29, 1995]
■ft** Virginia Christian Israelite
PACK
7
January 1996, Volume 7, *Jumk«r 1
Reaping the Harvest
When walking through the fields and gardens in harvest time a complete change is observed in the scenery everywhere from that of the freshness of the early spring, with its bright greens and sunbright colors ©£ the flowering landscape, and the later development into the full beauty of the summer bloom. Untarnished by the sight withering and dying vegetation, the outlook for the spring and summer months is always pleasant to anticipate.
But all of the beauty of summer is fading MNt as the deep greens and the colorful flowers give way to the varying browns of drying grass and withering plant stocks, with seed pods appearing where flowers |$|0fc»erly bloomed. All nature is signalling that the harvest season has arrived.
The analogy between the physical changes presaging the arrival of the time for the harvesting of the fruits of garden and field, and the conditions and changes which precede the greatest of all harvests when the vintage of the earth itself will be reaped, is most striking. In both cases there is a complete change in outlook, for as the dark hues of the harvest season direct contrast to the bright, colorful landscapes of spring and summer, so, too, the time of the harvest of the introduces a	period of confusion
©ad darkness compared to former times of security and peace.
We can look back upon a colorful past when men looked forward to a future filled with hope in their anticipation of days of glorious expansion to come, coupled with increasingly better human relationships all	around. All this	has	changed	now in
a world where evil has come to the forefront violence and	crime	show	marked
tendencies to increase, threatening to engulf, if not completely destroy, man and all his good works.
The harvesters trample the fields as they harvest the crops, strewing disruption and inviting decay where once the orderly processes of growth were seen. In the same way,	as we approach	the	harvest	season
of the ages, the trend to judgment is manifested in the confusion and futility of the times. The harvester grades his crops according to their perfection and their worth; man*s works have also reached maturity and they are being garnered for the Divine harvest when men and nations will face judgment as to whether their
works were good or evil.
The order is even now going out to the reaping Angel:	"Thrust	in thy sickle, and
reap:	for	the time is come for thee to
reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe" [Revelation 14:15].	It	is	quite
significant that the	Greek	word	here
translated "ripe" means "to dry up" or "to wither," referring thus to a condition wherein the original freshness has gone and a dried and faded condition will be extant throughout the earth.
No better description could be given of the present religious aspect, for under the doctrines of modernism a great apostasy has settled down upon Christendom, destroying the faith of millions of our people. The mainsprings of inspiration have also dried up and the fountain of truth, the Word of God, has become a closed Book. Today the men who occupy the leading pulpits in our land so lack the leading of the Holy Spirit that the "Thus saith the Lord" of the Scriptures is a phrase the significance of which is completely lost to them.
Confusion and uncertainty are not confined to the churches alone, however, for we discover this same spirit of agitation and bewilderment affecting political and economic problems which are becoming acute as we approach the day of the harvest when men will be compelled to give an account of their stewardship.
Men are perplexed as they seek direction and in the turmoil attending this greatest of all harvests the barren fields of human endeavor revealed all about us, and the stubble and tares of aggression and evil, are blinding the eyes of the worldly-minded to the bountiful harvest that Yahweh-God Himself is about to reap.
For the incorrigible and the thoroughly evil ones, it is indeed the period designated when the vintage of the earth is to be cast into the great winepress of the wrath of Almighty God. That the time for treading of this great winepress is soon to come is in evidence on every hand:	"And the winepress was trodden
without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs" [Revelation 14:20]. The harvest is soon to be upon us. Pray that ye may be found worthy of hearing those words from Yahweh our Almighty God:	"Well	done good
and faithful servant".
Amen!
PAGE 8
January 1996, Volume 7, fcfcffnber 1
Foreign Peoples of the Bible
1% Adullamitss (Genesis 38)
Amalekites (Numbers 24)
3* Ammonites (Numbers 21:24* Deuteronomy 3:16) 4« Amorites (Genesis 14:7*13* 15:16* 48:22)
5.	Arkites (Genesis 10:17* 1 Chronicles 1*15),,
6.	Arvadites [Arvad] (Ezekial 27:8.11)
3a	C

8
7.	Ashdothites [Pisgah] (Joshu{Mn2|3}|
8.	Ashurites (2 Samuel 2:9) V
9.	Avites (2 Kings 17:24,31; lfj):34r 19:1$; Isaa^jt
ah 37:13; Genesis 36:35; 1 G-tfrpnJbles 1:46) vS j
10.	Bashanites (1 Kings 4:13; Jh .'Kings'^0:33;,’
15:29)	^
11.	Canaanites (Genesis 9 and 10)	^	,	|
12.	Edomites (Jeremiah 49:17; Ezekiffl^^s42)
13.	Ekronites (Joshua 13:3)
14.	Eshkalonites [Ashkelon] (Jeremiah
15.	Gazathites (Joshua 13:3; 2 Kings 1^:8)
16.	Geshurites (Joshua 13:2; 1 Samuel 27:8)
I17. Giblites [Gebal, Jebeil] (Joshua 13:5)
18.	Girgashites (Genesis 10:16; 15:21)
19.	Gittites [Gath] (2 Samuel 1:20; 6:10)
20.	Hamathites (Genesis 10:18; Isaiah 10:9)
21.	Hittites [Heth] (Genesis 23; 26:34; 27:46)
22.	Hivites (Genesis 10:17; 1 Chronicles 1:15)
23.	Jebusites [a son of Canaan] (Genesis 10:16;
1 Chronicles 1:14; Zechariah 9:7)
24.	Maschathites (Deuteronomy 3:14; Joshua 12:5;
13:11,13)
25.	Moabites (Genesis 19:37)
26.	Perizzites (Exodus 33:2; Deuteronomy 20:17)
27.	Philistines (Judges 3:3; Joshua 13:3; 1 Sam-
uel 5:8; 6:16)
28.	Rephaim (Joshua 15:8; 18:16; 2 Samuel 5:18)
29.	Sinites (Genesis 19:17; 1 Chronicles 1:15)
30.	Zemarites (Genesis 10:18; 1 Chronicles 1:16)
31.	Zidonians [Sidonians] (Genesis 49:13; Joshua
19:28; Judges 1:31)
Sons of Jacob & Tribes of Israel
Levi
Naphtali Issachar Zebulon
Ephraim
Reuben	Simeon
Judah	Dan
Gad	Asher
Benjamin	Joseph*
Manasseh	
*from Joseph came the two tribes of Manasseh and Ephraim [the sons of Joseph and the grandsons of Jacob-Israel]. While Joseph was a son of Jacob-Israel, there was no "tribe of Joseph," but rather the two tribes of Manasseh and Ephraim which made the total tribes (or family clans) of Israel to total thirteen# For individualized study we recommend The Tribes of Israel, a text by Gwen Shaw.
As in the Days of Hosea!
Hosea listed the results of the great apostacy of his time: "Cursing, lying, murder, theft and adultery - They break out, and one crime follows hard upon another". (Hosea 4:2, Smith & Goodspeed). One needs only to read or view the daily accounts of crime to recognize how up-to-date Hosea's listing of the evils of his generation is, for the same evils plague our generation today. Actually the stream of swearing and cursing that rises from the lips of the people of the land exceeds in volume the prayers that ascend to Yahweh our God daily.
Israel failed miserably in carrying out Yahweh's great purpose which was to have been accomplished through them. The law had been given to guide and instruct them in ighteousness. When they rejected the law, they rejected ledge and it was for that reason that Yahweh-God said otjgh Hosea, "I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me". Because of their rebellion against Him, God repudiated them as not fit to be the administrators of His law.
"Like people, like priests: and I will punish them for their ways and reward them their doings". (Hosea 4:9). The analogy of childbirth is used and reference is made to the crisis in parturition if, due to lack of strength or other hindrance, the infant does not come forth and is strangled in birth.
The purpose of the Kingdom was to administer the Law of Yahueh-God, set an example of blessing for all the nations to see and eventually (as Daniel later prophesied) fill the whole earth with righteousness. Hosea was undoubtedly well aware of Isaiah's prophesy that the Kingdom of God was to be exalted above all governments and "all nations shall flow into it." (Isaiah 2:2-3). Yet, in the very inception of the fulfilment of this glorious mission, and before the influence and domain of the Kingdom had been able to spread beyond the confines of the land of its birth, the people refused to exert the moral strength to survive. Therefore, their strangulation as a nation in Assyrian captivity was inevitable and the spiritual power and greatness which might have been theirs died a-borning when they were driven from the land of Palestine.
Hosea's warning to his generation, as well as Jeremiah's warning to the people of his day, could not be more timely when applied to our day. The failure to heed the prophet's admonitions will see repeated in our generation as severe a degree of judgment as that which overwhelmed the people of Hosea's time.
These are times when one gets a bit weary of writing and talking about one subject; but I grow more certain all the time that the day has not yet come for Israel generally to know her origins. I think it will not come until we are virtually stripped of all military power or so threatened that our power is of no use to us. At the same time we shall have become so sickened by modern warfare that we wouldn't want to use them anyway. Meanwhile we ourselves are keeping the knowledge just alive, against the day when Israel will be ready to hear what we have to say« So - we carry on the fight and continue to proclaim the Kingdom message as best we know how.