r
Sm VIRGINIA eHMSTIAM
THE NEWSLETTER OF THF VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. ftn 109 i Round Hill, Virginim 20142

ScandimvH
L# ^ M* t 7?5i ^ Southern Huim
DECEMBER 1997: Volume 8, Number 11 [Distribution: 1906 copies]
’Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant than, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict than anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
Is Christmas Christian ?
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
I am writing this message towards the end of November, and already for the past five weeks, I have been deluged and saturated with all manner of media commercialism relative to Christmas. Not that I place the blame necessarily on the media, but rather on the greed of industry, manufacturing, and retail facilities who make use of the media for promotional purposes. The first mention that I heard relative to the holiday of Christmas was in September with a retail establishment "going out-of-business” and advertising that you could do "your holiday shopping early and save a substantial amount of money.”
I have become increasingly concerned over the years relative to the observation and celebration of the so-called Christian holiday of ’’Christmas.” It fully appears to have totally lost all application and relativeness the the "presumed” birth of our Messiah, Jesus Christ, and instead turned into what I would consider a "non-Christian" commercial festival. In fact, the word "Christmas" is no longer utilized in preference to the terms:	season’s	greetings, holiday gifts, holiday
tree, with the word season and holiday being obviously "politically correct*"
This past year I committed myself to researching in great detail, the so-called Christian holidays which are for the most part promoted by churchianity today. I obtained archives of old manuscripts and investigated the source of these holidays* I am not the person to make dramatic and sudden changes in old traditions, but also am not at all interested in the traditions of men* In researching the nature of Christmas, I first turned to the Bible, the inspired word of God* In so doing, you will not find ONE WORD of "Christmas” being celebrated by any of God’s people* It is not mentioned even once! Neither Christ Jesus nor any of His apostles ever observed this holiday, and most importantly, nor did the early New Testament Church!
My immediate concern was "could it possibly be wrong to celebrate Christmas," even if my intent was to celebrate and commemorate the birth of God's son, our Redeemer and Israel's promised Messiah? Most Israelites are aware of the impossibility of December 25 being the birthday of Christ.
In Luke 2, there is mention of the world being taxed, and in fact Mary and Joseph were on their way from Nazareth in Galilee to Bethlehem for this purpose. Taxes would normally be collected "after the harvest" or months prior to December. Meterologists have made exact recordings of temperatures in Hebron (the same climatic conditions as ancient Bethlehem). At Christmas time this area is in the grip of frost, and no cattle or sheep would have been in the fields in that temperature. What Luke tells us in chapter 2, points to the birth having taken place before the onset of winter.
The actual birthdate of Christ Jesus is not known for certain, and I dare say will probably never be known. But, we can, from the scriptures, know the approximate time of the year when He was born. In the Gospel of Luke, we read that the father of John the Baptist was Zacharias, and that he was a priest who served at the Temple in Jerusalem. He was, acording to Luke 1:5: "of the course of Abia." While serving at the Temple, he was informed by an angel that his wife was to have a son, who was to be named "John" (see Luke 1: 11-13). After this, Zacharias finished "the days of his ministration," and "departed unto his own house" (verse 23). "And after those days, his wife Elizabeth conceived..." (verse 24).
The names of the different courses of priests that served at the temple are given in 1 Chronicles 24:1-19, and "Abia" (Abijah) was the eighth course (verse 10)• According to the Jewish historian, Flavius Josephus, each one of the courses served in the temple for one
[Continued on Page 3]
*n
fit
I
The Virginia Christian Israelit«
PAGE 2
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
18.
19.
20. 21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
28.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
11
34.
38.
36.
37.
yhat judge had TO sons?
Who is the first child mentioned in the Bible?
tfho toss Noah’s youngest son?
What king was he youngest of eight brothers?
Who was Joseph’s younger son?
iJIfelBl is the youngest son of Adam mentioned by name?
ilfhS were the first twins mentioned in the Bible?
Which disciple was probably a twin?
Was the prodigal son the older or younger son?
What wicked kng of Israel had 70 sons?
THhb had 19 sons and 1 daughter by his legitimate wives?
Who was older, '"'ises or Aaron?
Who was Jacob's youngest son?
Who was born first, Jacob or Esau?
What king of Judah had 28 sons and 60 daughters?
Wnat court prophet of David had 14 sons and three daughters?
that prophet spoke of a time of peace when a little child would lead the wild beasts?
Who made sacrifices in case any of his children had sinned?
Which epistle advises, "Children, obey your parents in the Lord"?
According to Malachi, who will turn the hearts of the children to their fathers?
What little known judge of Israel had 30 sons?
Who did Paul advise that a bishop must be able to control his own children?
In uFiich Gospel did Christ predict that children rebelling against their parents would be a sign of the end times?
Which of the Ten Commandments states that children jill be punished for their parents’ sins?
Which Gospel does not mention the little children coming to Jesus the Christ?
Who advised young Christians to stop thinking like children?
hich Gospel says that the child Christ Jesus grew up strong?
What prophet advised people to tell their children about the locust plague?
Which epistle advises fathers not to exasperate their children?
What book says that a child raised up in the right way will never depart from it?
What priest was top indulgent toward his spoiled sons?
What prophet had dishonest sons who took bribes?
Which son was Isaac partial to?
What king grieved and wailed over hie wayward son?
Who was Jacob’s favorite son?
made a little coat for her son every year when she went to the annual sacrifice?
Which psalm says that childen are like arrows in the hands of a warrior?
December 1997: Voi,

3
%
39.	What book mentions how wonderful grandchild £
40.	What prophet named his sons Maher-shalal-h**,;% if
and Shear-jashub?	%	^
41.	According to the Law, what is the penalty for any*
one who attacks his mother or father?
42.	What prophet talks about children dishonoring their
■4J
$ &f *C
** *3 I
parents, so that a man’s enemies are in his household?
43.	According to Deuteronomy, what must be done to a
rebellious son who will not submit to discipline?
44.	What judge of Israel had 40 sons and 30 grandsons?
45.	What Old Testament man almost sacrificed his belov-
ed son?
46.	What judge of Israel sacrificed his daughter?
47.	Who did Paul say had known the scriptures from his
infancy?
48.	Which of Gideon’s 70 sons (the youngest) was the
only one to escape he plot of his scheming brother Abimelech?
49.	Who were Pharez and Zerah?
50.	Who died after giving birth to a son named Ichabod? 511 Who said we must change and become like children?
52.	Which book says that children will not be put to
death for their parents’ sins.
53.	Who told believers that the promises of Yahweh were
for their children as well as themselves?
54.	Which epistle says that parents are to provide for
their children, not vice versa?
55.	What prophet said, "Great shall be the peace of thy
children"?
What prophot said that the son would not share the guilt of the father?
What prophet said he was neither a prophet nor a prophet's son?
Who envisioned a time when sons and daughters would prophesy?
59.	Who asked his childless wife if he was not worth
more to her than ten sons?
60.	Who was told that she had a daughter-in-law who
treated her better than seven sons could?
What king made a wise decision about a child claimed by two prostitutes?
Who was adopted by Mordecai as his own daughter? What psalm advises dashing the babies of Babylon, against stones?
56.
57.
58.
61
62.
63.
[Please see Answers on Page 5]
****«•*«
WORDS OF GUIDANCE AND WISDOM FROM OUR SAVOUR And our Saviour Christ Jesus saith: "Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaveni but he that doeth the will H H Father which is in heaven. Many will say to H in that day*
Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name, and in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works? And then I will profess unto them, I never knew yout depart from me ye that work iniquity (Matthew 7i21-23)* (Emphasis ours)
p 3
1 Q
p <T
m >
I	JS
II
11 i
i
I
a
Imnia Christian Israelite
AGE 3
December 1997: Volume 8, Nmb@r 11
^TS CHRISTMAS CHRISTIAN [Continued from Page 1]
%»eek, the first course serving the first week in Nisan (the first month of the religious year) in the Spring (sees 1 Chronicles 27*1-2), and then each course in its order. All of the priests served during the annual festivals (Passover, Pentecost, Tabernacles). After six Maths the order would be repeated, and thus each course would serve two weeks during the year.
I The course of Abijah would have served the eighth week in the rotation. The eighth week from Nisan 1, leaving out Passover, when all priests served, would have been Iyar 27 to Sivan 5, the day just before Pentecost. After serving his regular week, Zacharias would ||£|pi remained another week in Jerusalem due to Pentecost (First Fruits). He then returned home and his wife Conceived. If we add the nine months of normal gestation for a baby, John the Baptist would have been born around the middle of March (in the Spring) and shortly prior to Passover. Jesus Christ was conceived about six months after John the Baptist (Luke 1:24-31, and especially verse 26). This would seem to indicate conception about the middle of December and would then place our Saviours birth about nine months later or in the month of September - NOT DECEMBER!
There are many references to how Christmas originated, but suffice it to say that the pagan observation of the winter solstice with worship and tribute to the sun god (as the days began to lengthen) had much to do with the selection of the December 25 date. The licentious festivals of the pagans were combined into the festival of Christmas - it appeared to be ’’Christian,” but in actuality and truth, it still had a pagan heart. The New Testament Church had become totally subverted by politics and self-seeking opportunists, and pollution and corruption had entered into the Christian church. The church that developed in Rome, rejected the philosophy and tenets of God a« being "too Jewish" and proceded to determine and establish their own religion.
The many historical observations available to us in research texts, ought to, in the least, be cause for some concerns on our part relative to the celebration of Christmas. The descendants of the once pure New Testament Church had become for all intents, the religious whore of Babylon - a bejeweled and bedecked and bedeviled slut, a spiritual prostitute! Paganism was not defeated by the church! Paganism invaded the church and infiltrated it, and seduced it from within. The professing church (Roman Catholic) became the "new face of paganism" under a new name. Even the name Christ-mas denoting the "mass of Christ" reflects the Roman tradition and influence. The "mass," with its rituals, elaborate ceremony, pagan prayers for the dead, transub-stantiation rites, and traditions of men has no relation whatsoever with the birth of the Messiah. The Roman Ghurch took the excitement which surrounded the Roman Saturnalia, with its excesses, delights, and wantonness* and called them the celebration of the birth of the Son of God, and specifically transformed them in honor of the Madonna and Child.
And then there’s Santa Claus - a myth which in one form or another has been continued for centuries. What Santa Claus has to do with the birth of Christ Jesus completely eludes me. Yes, there has been a story for many years that the original "Santa Claus" was a bishop by the name of St. Nicholas who resided in Asia Minor in the fourth century and who gave presents to children on Christmas (this even though the celebration of Christmas did not exist in the fourth century). Traditions of a "god" who gave gifts under an evergreen tree antecede the Asia Minor bishop by thousands of years. To set the record straight, in the 1970’s, the Second Vatican Council (Vatican II), formerly stated that no Roman Catholic bishop by the name of Nicholas ever existed. Vatican II further confessed that "the legends attributed to this ’saint' had no Christian origin, and probably came from pagan traditions." So much for old Santa Claus! This mythological figure is totally pagan in nature.
For almost 300 years after the time of Christ, the Roman Church showed no concern for the date of Christ's birth. The apostles and the leaders of the early New Testament Church never bothered to find out just when Christ was born, as the date was not important to them. It was not until the fourth century A.D. that Christmas began to be observed by the Roman Church -the traditions of man!
Should true followers of Christ participate in ancient pagan customs? The Puritans (who were Christians attempting to reform the church during the 1600's) did not believe Christmas should be observed. In the early years of our nation, Christmas was not observed. Only after 1860 did the celebration of Christmas come slowly into fruition. Many today think that it is all right and harmless to observe Christmas, but in the sight of Yahweh is it considered all right?
Yahweh hates idolatry! He detests it with vehement passion (see: Deuteronomy 12:29-32). Yahweh refers to the Roman Saturnalia and the Babylonian Bacchanalial rites in Leviticus 18:24-30. The prophet Jeremiah wrote in 10:1-5 about the ways of the heathen. In Ezekial 20: 30-39, we find the words of our Heavenly Father thundering out across the pages in condemnation of Israel. Paul in his second epistle to the Corinthians exorts and informs us (see: 2 Corinthians 6:14-17).
Why do supposedly sincere Christians insist on celebrating this day? Why can't they see the truth? Have they been brainwashed by that cunning deceiver, Satan? They look on the outward exterior, and think it must be good, or at least harmless. They listen to seductive music and visualize glittering images and become absorbed by it, when in truth, it is pagan abomination.
Our Saviour told His disciples in John 8*32: "...If ye continue in My word, then are ye My disciples indeed and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." May Yahweh give you eyes to see, and ears to hear, and a mind to understand. "Choose you this day whom ye will serve. I .but as for me and my house, we will serve Yahweh our Elohim. Amen.
PAGE 4
fr
t
I
0)
i
5*
■ i §
iii'
2
% m is i I o g
d
4J
ffl
T1\e Virginia Christian Israelite
December 1997,
THE XALMUD
a
By STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, NA 02045
Knowledge of the Jews is the only key whereby members of the white race unravel the intricate processes of modern history and daily current events. The racial instinct for self-preservation determines all the occurrences in world history from the price of butter at the supermarket to the death notices Americans receive of their sons and daughters killed in action during foreign interventions on behalf of the United Nations and for the establishment of the Jewish pipe-dream of an egalitarian One World Government. The Jews must lie perpetually to maintain their goals and their way of existence. They intend to destroy the solidarity, values, and identity of white nations by promoting every noxious cultural manifestation, which includes mindless pop music, the drug and gang culture, organized crime, pornography, homosexuality, and abortion. They are the sponsors of the welfare state, communist and capitalist. Wherever the Jewish parasite appears, the host people shrivel and die.
The knowledge of Jewish ritual murder, for example, is thousands of years in the telling. Gentiles have passed information of the secret torturing of their kinsmen and children from generation to generation. Martin Luther wrote how the Jews "stabbed and pierced the body of the young boy Simon of Trent. They have also murdered other children... The sun never did shine on a more bloodthirsty and revengeful people as they, who imagine themselves to be the people of God, and who desire to think they must murder and crush the heathen. Jesus Christ, the Almighty Preacher from Nazareth, spoke to the Jews: fYe are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning.’" [see: Of the Jews and heir Lies.]
Qrristians mistake the Jews for the Biblical people. The Jews have identified themselves with Moses and his people who fled Egypt and with King David and his kingdom. But the Jews are not descended from the same bloodline as the ancient Israelites. Nor are the Jews in any way the people to whom God has revealed his Word and given lasting covenants. The Jews don't even contain a drop of sacred Abrahamic blood in their veins arid are not even Semitic according to their own historical sources and literature. The majority of the Jews are Turco-mongoloid Khazars who converted to Judaism in the 8th century A.D. The Biblical ancestors of Christ didn't have jet-black hair, dark eyes, oriental skin, or look like modern Jews. The Jews are not the ancestors of Jesus Christ. Even the apostles were of Galilee (from Benjamin), except for Judas Iscariot, | Judahite (Jew). Arthur Koestler, the Jewish writer, explained that the Khazar people of Asia Minor wanted

3

to keep themselv/es free of the two
fnair\
) 7,	a
	ST
* a .	
07	
m	JO
i ^	X0
(0 c	ri O
1 .r-f	O
J M	c
	
Judaism en masse, [see: The Thirteenth Tribe!
The Jews preach the Talmud, a cynical anti-Gentvu philosophy that incites them to commit crimes against whites. The Talmud, which means ''learning” or "study," is a book of Jewish civil and religious laws and ethical lore, distinct from the Torah or Pentateuch (the first five books of the Old Testament). It is a literature rather than a book of revelation, and it is made up of 63 books, which are usually printed in 18 folio volumes. The laws in the Talmud come from early oral laws. The oral laws began when the Torah was applied to daily life. Its laws needed interpretation, extension, augmentation and adaption. Oral law also included decisions made from time to time by those in authorityI In the time of Jesus, the scribes and Pharisees required strict observation of all the details of this law. Read Matthew 15:6,9; Mark 7: 7,9,13; and John 8:34,35. Jesus denounced the tradition of the elders, which is the Talmud - the principal scripture of modern Judaism in contrast to the Torah and the prophets.
The Jews believe when their messiah comes the Goyim (non-Jews), will be their slaves. "The best part of the Goyim deserve to be killed" (Abodah Zarah 26b), is what the Jews believe. The Toldoth Jesu is another vile
rabbinical treatise, popular since medieval times. It says that Jesus was crucified on a stalk of cabbage and his body was thrown into a drainage ditch.
After the Romans destroyed Jerusalem in A.D. 70, the Pharisees and other pious Jews zealously put the oral law into writing. They completed the work at the close of the A.D. 200's. It formed the part of the Talmud| known as the Mishnah, meaning "instruction," The final writing of the Mishnah, probably occurred early in the third century A.D. under the authority of Rabbi Judah ha-Nasi, leader of the Jewish community in Palestine. Judah spent about 50 years sifting through the whole oral law, which was then combined into six sections, or orders, dealing with all the facets of daily life. These included civil law, ritual purity, festivals, marriage, temple service, and agriculture. Judah carefully determined which laws were backed by rabbinic authority, but he preserved minority opinions.
Scholarly comments on the Mishnah are preserved in the bulkier part of the Talmud called the Gemara, meaning "completion." The Gemara is really two works - the Palestinian [sometimes referred to as the Jerusalem] and the Babylonian. Begun by students of Judah ha-Nasi in the third century, the two Gemara were not completed until early in the sixth century. Work on the Gemara was done by scholars in various academies known as yeshivas. Schools that teach the Talmud and other rabbinic learnings are still referred to as yeshivas.
The Mishnah and the Gemara were written in a mixture of Hebrew and Aramaic. The subject matter of the Talmud is divided into two types: Halakah (law) and Haggadah (narrative). The law deals with ritual, legal and doi>»
[Continued on Page 5]

n
ffi
J&iirtia Christian Israel ite
PAGE 5
December 1997j Volume 8, Wumber 11
jp! THE TAlWUP [Dantlnued from Page 4 ]
trinal aspects of the Talmud, and it shows how the law should be applied even to the most ordinary situations of dailv life. The Haggadah contains stories, legends, and proverbs that convey moral messages. There is also enterial as diverse as architecture, astronomy, astrology, ethics, natural sciences, mathematics, geography, history, magic, medicine, and theology. But what concerns whites, are precepts of the Talmud declaring that |®hrletians are to be avoided and exterminated. For enanple, Christians can indirectly be harmed by not them, by interfering in their work, by deceit legal matters, and by harming them in things neces-gfllfcy for life; and they can directly be harmed by being j§|Ml eoceptable sacrifice to God. The messiah is expected HI be revengeful. And there are Jewish prayers against Sbtfstians. [see: The Talmud Unmasked by Rev. I. B. PranaitisJ.
IJRBfbrences not mentioned in the text Comptons Encyclopedia, 1994; The World Book Mpteyclopedia, 1960; The International Jew, Henry Ford, Sr*; and The Zionists. George pf Armstrong
********
AUBMERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOlilLEDGE [from Page 2] (1) Gideon, Judges 8:30; (2) Cain, Genesis 4:1; (3) Has, Genesis 9:18-24; (4) Oavid, 1 Samuel 17:12-14; (5) Ephraim, Genesis 41:51-52; (6) Seth, Genesis 4:25; (7) Jacob & Esau, Genesis 25:23-26; (8) Thomas, John 11s16; (9) Rachel, Genesis 35:16-18; (10) The younger, LtJke 15:11-32; (11) Ahab, 2 Kings 10:1; (12) David, 1 Chronicles 3:1-9; (13) Aaron, Exodus 7:7; (14) Benjamin, (Genesis 35:16-18; (15) Esau, Genesis 25:25-26; (16) Rehoboam, 2 Chronicles 11:21; (17) Heman, 1 Chronicles 25:5;	(18)	Isaiah, 11:6; (19) Job, 1:5; (20)
Ephesians, 6:1; (21) Elijah, Malachi 4:6; (22) Jair, Judges 10:3-4; (23) Timothy, 1 Timothy 3:4; (24) Mark, 13:12; (25) The second [against graven images], Exodus 20:4; (26) John; (27) Paul, 1 Corinthians 14:20; (28) L<J<e 1:80; (29) Joel, 1:3; (30) Ephesians, 6:4; (31) Proverbs, 22:6; (32) Eli, 1 Samuel 3:13; (33) Samuel,
1	Samuel 8:3; (34) Esau, Genesis 25:28; (35) David,
2	Samuel 18:33; (36) Joseph, Genesis 37:3; (37) Hannah,
1	Samuel 2:19; (38) 127:4; (39) Proverbs, 17:6; (40)
Isaiah 7:3 4 8:1-4;	(41) Death, Exodus 21:15; (42)
Wicah, 7:6; (43) He must be stoned, Deuteronomy 21:18-21; (44) Abdon, Judges 12:13-14; (45) Abraham, Genesis 22;	(46)	Jephthah,	Judges 11:30-40;	(47) Timothy,
2	Timothy 3:15; (48) Jotham, Judges 9:1-5; (49) Twin
sons of Judah and Tamar, Genesis 38:29-30; (50) The wife of Phineas, 1 Samuel 4:19-22; (51) Christ Jesus, Matthew 18:3;	(52) Deuteronomy, 24:16; (53) Peter,
Acts 2:39;	(54)	2 Corinthians, 12:14;	(55)Isaiah,
54:13; (56) Ezekial, 18:20; (57) Amos, 7:14; (58) Joel, ':28;	(59) flkanah, 1 Samuel 1:8; (60) Naomi, Ruth
t:15; (61) Solomon, 1 Kings 3:16-28; (82) Esther, 2:7; 63) Psalm 137:8-9*
PRAY LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS UPON it - IT DOES!
" Recognition" not Recognized!
In dealing with administrations in the many prison systems in this country, we have often encountered the comment that we are not a "recognized ministry,” whatever that may be. This statement is often rendered in conjunction with a denial for a prisoner to be able to receive this newsletter and other materials that we may from time to time send out. liie have come to the conclusion that we are not "recognized" because we do not have the word Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Roman Catholic, Episcopal or some other denominational reference in our organizational name. And while some often confuse the word "Israelite" as meaning "jewish," the administration officials have become adept enough to realize that these prisoners will have nothing to do with anything "jewish" and so they often claim that we are flying under false colors.
It makes no fact that we are denied access in spite of the fact that we have provided a statement of belief and other related materials to the Identity truth. We have found other "Identity ministries" serving prison populations who have, and are encountering the same prejudicial concepts. Of course materials, some of it very violent in scope, from non-related and non-Christian "religious" organizations is never denied access for fear of a heathen riot within the institution.
All of this, makes the following case of significant interest and enjoyment. Specific names will have to be omitted, as we are sure that the institution in question reads this newsletter each and every month.
In September of 1997, we received a telephone call from the Assistant Director of Program (an Associate Warden) at a northern midwest institution informing us that we could not send materials, and this newsletter, to a group of inmates at that institution because, "you are not a recognized ministry." Having grown tired of hearing this "claptrap," and being interrupted by this "ignorant fool," I stated that he was indeed in error, and that we were most certainly a "recognized ministry" as such.
I informed him that we were "recognized" by Southern Poverty Law Center and Mr. Morris Dees in Montgomery, Alabama, and furthermore that the Anti-Defamation League in New York City had recognized us for our prison ministry service, and I asked the good man if perhaps he was an "anti-Semite" by the nature of his allegations, and, did I have to refer this matter further. [We are indeed "recognized" by the above].
You would be amazed at the instant change. The conversation ended with the official apologizing for "his" error. The inmates have been receiving all of the materials that we have sent since. Yahweh works in strange and beneficial ways to confuse His enemies. It further makes you wonder just who are these highly-paid individuals administering these institutions, and just how "smart" are they. We thought this might be of some interest to our readers.

I


ffete Virginia Christian Israelite	p	A	G
Born of the Spirit
Pastor LESTER BLACK
Our Redeemer, Yahshua, our Messiah, was born of the spirit, in a flesh body, on this earth, to do MHis Father’s will” on the earth.
Other "spirit” beings who vowed to do specific were chosen before the foundation of this M|p|^ world, to do a special work, were also born of wowen, of flesh and blood, to fulfill their vows. As predestined, they will fulfill those ancient WBWB, in spite of any harassments by Satan and his minions.
HMWiJel (for that was His earthly name), spent about thirty years in preparation for His work on All of the time, He was aware of who He was, and UlRring the mind of His Father, even when only twelve years of age, was able to astound the priests of His time with His eternal wisdom.
After teaching the message of the Kingdom as it will be on earth, and the importance of the Laws, Statutes and Judgments of Yahweh, as well as exhorting His way of life for His disciples, Emmanuel fulfilled His vow by offering Himself as a "sacrifice" to redeem His chosen people, whom Yahweh had put away for a season.
His executioners beat Him with a whip, mocked Him, placed a crown of thorns upon His head, had Him carry a cross part of the way to His execution site, then tied and nailed Him to that cross to die in agony and pain.
As Emmanuel looked out upon His executioners and the multitude of curious and the revilers, he prayed, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." His revilers did not ask for forgiveness, but declared "Let His blood be upon us and our children!"
Before His death on the cross, He declared that He had kept all those who had been given to Him, but one son of Satan, who had been among His followers, for the purpose of betraying Him into the hands of the enemies of His Father. He is, today, keeping those who are His "chosen," in these last days, and will, to the very end of this age.
The lesson of Yahweh*s forgiveness, for sins of commission OR omission, is for us today. And for those of us who have sinned, and we all have, for "sin" is the transgression of Yahweh*s Law, and from our childhood on, we have been unable to fulfill the requirement of His will, in our actions, thoughts, etc. How wonderful is His provisions. We have Yahweh for our advocate when we "sin" against Him, our family, or anyone or anything else. We often waste our blessings and destroy some bit of our world, either needlessly or intentionally. When someone sins against us we are obligated to forgive them, even as we have been forgiven.
How many of us have onsidered His promise of being willing to forgive us and "blot out" the sins of our
E

y f * VO 11	v'
\e %
life, putting them out of His mind, that they^H never be remembered. We ought never to remember
committed against us either.
We often think to ourselves, or remember how we were punished for something we didn’t deserve, and say, "1 can't forgive them!" Yet, we are to forgive as we are forgiven. Remember our tormentors too, are most likely "programmed" by the Adversary himself to do what they do, and are unaware of what at the time they are doing. Their rationalization is that they had to do whatever they did. Think of all those in the Middle Age inquisitions who burned and tortured family as well as strangers, believing that they were doing "God" a favor and a service. We cannot comprehend why someone would do anything terrible to us, but many do terrible things to people they profess to love (or sometimes hate). Some of the terrible abuse of children is burned into their young minds and torments them many years later. There may seem to be no way out. Can you remember the records of history? Some of our ancestors, sang hymns and asked for forgiveness for their murderers, as they were being burned at the stake.
We were told by our Redeemer, "I am come that you might have life and that more abundantly." There has to be a way that this can happen, as He cannot lie. A beginning may be to work at heeding Yahweh*s admonition to: "Let this mind be in you, that was your Redeemer." "Be ye perfect, even as He is perfect." There has to be a way, a way of truth, of life, a way of love, a way of forgiving! We must "Study to show ourselves approved unto Yahweh, a workman that does not need to be ashamed." As we begin to comprehend the Way of Truth and Life, we will be able to fulfill those ancient vows made when we lived on the plain of Spirit, before we were chosen and born of the flesh.
Our trails, punishments, and sins are incidents to train us, make us worthy of being sons of Yahweh. Understanding the trials of this world, knowing that this world is presently in subjection to the Adversary, and is his to do with as he wishes - up to a point WHEN "The Saints" will take it back from the evil ones who have seized it with violence! And, when that happens, the Kingdom will be heaven on earth, as it is now in the heavenlies!
1
********
FAREWELL OLD YEAR I do not know, I cannot see,
What God's kind hand prepares for me,
Nor can my glance pierce through the haze Which covers all my future ways;
But yet I know that o'er it all Rules He who notes the sparrow's fall. Farewell, Old Year, with goodness crowned, A divine hand hath set my bound,
Welcome the New Year, which shall ring Fresh blessings from my God and King,
The Old we leave without a tear.
The New we hail without a fear.
HwlfcfctAfeA!
PAGE 7
December 1997: Volume 8/ Number 11

■pnristii
following article is not meant to be racist, but ^©fleets data from authorized government agencies which obviously reflect truth that as the author states, you will never read in the establishment media here in the United States. Only tyrants and liars fear the truth.
|Ji# ©Sg% Wfiir00
By Paul Sheehan
The following article is from The Sydney Morning Herald, of May 20, 1995 published in Sydney, Australia.
The longest war America has ever fought is the Dirty Mar, and it is not over. It has lasted 30 years so far and claimed more than 25 million victims. It has cost almost as many lives as the Vietnam War. It determined the result of the 1994 congressional election.
Yet the American news media do not want to talk about the Dirty UJar, which remains between the lines and unreported. In fact, to even suggest that the war exists is to be discredited. So let’s start suggesting, immediately*
No matter how crime figures are massaged by those who want to acknowledge or dispute the existence of a Dirty War, there is nothing ambiguous about what the official statistics portray: for the past 30 years a large segment of black America has waged a war of violent retribution against white America.
And the problem is getting worse, not better. In the past 20 years, violent crime has increased more than four times faster than the population. Young blacks (under 18) are more violent than previous generations and are 12 times more likely to be arrested for murder than young whites.
Nearly all of the following figures, which speak for themselves, have not been reported in America:
•	According to the latest U.S. Dept, of Justice survey of crime victims, more than 6.6 million violent crimes (murder, rape, assault and robbery) are committed in the U.S. each year, of which about 20 percent, or 1.3 million are inter-racial crimes*
•	Most victims of race crime - about 90 percent -are white, according to the survey ’’Highlights from 20 Years of Surveying Crime Victims” published in 1993.
•	Almost 1 million white Americans were murdered, robbed, assaulted or raped by black Americans in 1992, compared with about 132,000 blacks who were murdered, robbed, assaulted or raped by whites, according to the same survey.
•	Blacks thus committed 7.5 times more violent inier^racial crimes than whites even though the black population is only one-seventh the size of Uifc white population# When these figures are
GANG MEMBERS IN 1991 BY ETHNICITY
African-American 47. 8%
Hispanic 42.7£
Asian 5.2%
White 4.4/C
The National Institute of Justice studied the ethnicity of gang membership in 16 cities. Between 1990 and 1991 African-American gang members increased 13 percent. Latino gang members increased by 18 percent. There were fewer overall numbers of white and Asian gang members, but their numbers were found to be increasing by a higher percent. In cities where data was available, the number of Asian gang members increased by 66 percent and the number of white gang members by 55 percent.
adjusted on a per capita basis, they reveal an extraordinary disparity:	blacks	are	committing
more than 50 times the number of violent racial crimes of whites.
5 According to the latest annual report on murder by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), most inter-racial murders involve black assailants and white victims, with blacks murdering whites at 18 times the rate that whites murder blacks.
These breathtaking disparities began to emerge in the mid-1960's, when there was a sharp increase in black crime against whites, an upsurge which, not coincidentally, corresponds exactly with the beginning of the modern civil rights movement.
Over time the cumulative effect has been staggering. Justice Department and FBI statistics indicate that between 1964 and 1994 more than 25 million violent inter-racial crimes were committed, overwhelmingly involving black offenders and white victims, and more than 45,000 people were killed in inter-racial murder. By comparison, 58,000 Americans died in Vietnam, and 34,000 were killed in the Korean War.
When non-violent crimes (burglary, larceny, car theft and personal theft) are included, the cumulative totals become prodigious. The Bureau of Justice Statistics says 27 million non-violent crimes were committed in the U.S. in 1992, and the survey found that 31 percent of the robberies involved black offenders and white victims (while only 2 percent in the reverse).
When all the crime figures are calculated, it appears that black Americans have committed at least 170 million crimes against white Americans in the past 30 years. It is the great defining disaster of American life and American ideals since World War II.
All these are facts, yet by simply writing this story, by assembling the facts in this way, I would be deemed a racist by the American News Media, It prefers to maintain a paternalistic double standard in its coverage of black America, a lower standard.
tlgfji Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 8
What Is In That Loaf
of Bread?
BY JANES HARRISON
Christian Israelite Church
Australia
Bread is regarded as a staple food by many but is it actually performing this job adequately. In the publi-cation, Nature and Health, was an article tracing aodem bread making back almost 200 years: "The story of commercial bread making epitomizes the ever prevailing philosophy of food technology I a natural food that is purified to basic components, modified to meet industrial health requirements and then synthetic nutrients are re-added, added according to current nutritional science and consumer demands."
Refining of wheat flour was enhanced with the advent of steam power which allowed multiple grindings and siftings and produced fine white flour. By early this century the flour finally produced may have gone through up to 180 separations removing bran and fiber from the flour.
During the 1920’s, Agene (nitrogen trichloride) was introduced as a bleaching agent and bread improver. It "strengthened" the gluten in the flour and allowed a bigger loaf to be produced. Later powerful sterilizing and bleaching agents such as chlorine dioxide and chlorine gas were used. They produced white flour which had excellent baking qualities and stunted weevil growth.	\t
Around this time, research was identifying vitamins as essential elements of nutrition which were lost in processing and refining. It began with a Dutch medical officer noting beri beri in chickens fed on polished rice. These symptoms reversed when they were fed the rice polishings as well. During the 1930's a Dr. Williams processed vitamin B1 and produced a synthetic* replacement. B1 or Thiamine was found to be essential for carbohydrate metabolism in the body.
By 1941 flour was enriched by the addition of the vitamins thiamine, riboflavin and niacin and the mineral iron.
Although flour was enriched by these four nutrients, research in the 1950’s showed that it was deficient in B6, essential fatty acids and Vitamin E. Sinclair in the 1950's and Williams in the 1970's associated the loss of these nutrients as constituting to the diseases of "modern western civilization" particularly atherosclerosis and heart disease.
Modern refining techniques discard the bran and the embryo (germ) of the wheat. "Whole wheat however is a nutritious source of essential fatty acids and a large number of vitamins and a rich range of essential trace
Decfimbe r 1997•
Voi BHia	11
minerals known to play key roles in many enzymatic and biochemical pathways." The minerals sodium, magnesium, phosphorus, sulphur, potassium, calcium, manganese, selenium, cobalt, chlorine, silicon, arsenic, iodine, and molybdenum have all been found in electron microscope studies of whole wheat,.
Not only are nutrients removed from wheat in the milling and refining process but harmful products may also be added. The Agene first used to bleach and improve the flour had to be phased out when it was shown experimentally to cause "running fits" in dogs. Chlorine based products are still used to bleach and improve flour. More than half of the chlorine has been found to combine with lipids within the flour to form potentially harmful organochloride compounds within the flour.
Another we_i known chemical frequently used in bread making flour is potassium bromate known to be a carcinogen in animals. As with the Chlorine it is supposed to breakdown to potassium bromide which is less harmful, however the extent to which this happens is not really known. Bromide at certain levels produces depression, exhaustion and mental deterioration but nothing is known about the effects of this chemical at regular low dose exposure. We know much is actually left in the flour after processing.
While this article is not meant to cause unnecessary fear, don't you find it astounding how we can take one of God's amazing suppliers of nutrition - a grain of wheat I and rid it of much of its beneficial goodness before we actually eat it! We might as well eat sawdust.	_
ter
COMMENTARY
Doesn't it strike you as odd, that no matter how much man attempts and tries to improve upon nature and the ways of our Heavenly Father, we fall significantly short of success. You would think that after all of the attempts over the period of several thousand years, we would finally learn that God's ways are right and designed for a specific reason for our own good. What fools these mortals be to think that they are smarter and and more knowledgeable than Yahweh our God!