ipiiifp
I SSL
VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAEUf®
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P, <X Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia. 20142
Scotland
pfiV; Southern Russia <
England	*:
fvjV	jSi.KSu/>V/f./&:}£#!:
.... ‘0/v-*vff
JANUARY 2002: Volume 13: Number 1 Our sixteenth year of service to Yahweh our God"
left/i.

"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as bef ore time." [2 Samuel 7:10]
A Proper Time and a Definite Task for Everyone and Everything
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
There is an old proverb which states, "Patience is a Virtue." Unfortunately, in many instances, those of the Christian Israelite belief have a lack of patience especially when it comes to the workings of Yahweh God and "His timetable." As a people, we [and I include myself also] want to forge ahead with some project or work, giving little consideration to the ramifications of our impatient actions. Or, on the converse side, they fail to comprehend God's plan for them and become frustrated, and even depressed by what they perceive to be failure.
First of all, our heavenly Father most definitely has an infinite and wonderful "master plan" which commenced in Genesis 1:1, "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth." When we realize, within the minute limits of our puny understanding, that God has such a great master plan, we are well on our way to comprehending that we are to play a distinct but perhaps yet unknown and unrealized role. In fact, there are specific purposes involving all of Israel, both those who possess the spiritual knowledge, and for those yet blinded.
Yahweh has a definite purpose for your life, and a specific timing. It is the "timing factor" that causes a problem for most people, and yet the "timing factor" ia an integral part of Yahweh's great plan, and whether we like it or not, we must abide by His plan
This divine assignment does not mean that we are all to be shepherds (ministers). Surely, there are a host of occupations and jobs which are vital and necessary for the sustenance of His people in this worldly life.
This assignment is something that may occur early in one's life, or at any time, even unto our declining years. The duration of the assignment may last for decades or be as short as a few minutes. It may be one divine assignment or it may be several, or it may be a continuing series of similar or different assignments and tasks
Many years ago, while in high school, I was very active in the Lutheran Church, and had seriously considered at that time of entering and making the ministry a career,
For some reason, upon graduation from high school, I did not pursue this career endeavor. Instead, I performed my military obligation and then went to work in the printing trade in New York City [Babylon on the Hudson River]. After a few years, I decided to go back to school for undergraduate work, and used my printing knowledge, working nights in a newspaper to pay my way through five years of school. I didn't realize at the time that Yahweh had provided to me a way to go through school without incurring any indebtedness.
During this time, I suffered from a declining interest in "church," but Yahweh had not forgotten about me. I went into the business world for a number of years with a very competitive attitude. Following this, I entered teaching at the higher education level, doing consulting work on the side. After nine frustrating years, I went to work for a federal government agency located in Virginia.
I often wondered, thinking back why I had not pursued a career in the ministry, not realizing that Yahweh was refining me like silver and gold for my assignment. I continued my church affiliation with the Episcopal Church, and later as a Warden in the Anglican Church. It was in these times that I became aware of the hypocrisy, non-feelings, and materialistic values of much of the mainline clergy.
It was in Virginia that I was first introduced to the Israel message, when I was given a copy of the book. The Covenant People (available from Destiny Publishers, P. O. Box 177, Merrimac, MA 01860). This was like an opening of the flood gates, and I came to a realization of Bible understanding. After completing graduate work, I applied to an independent, non-denominational ministry for ordination, and after passing the oral examinations, was duly ordained into the ministry.
I am now in my seventh decade of being a Christian and am rapidly approaching twenty years of service as a shepherd of the Almighty. I have now realized the ambition that I had many years ago while a teenager in high school but with some very
(Continued on Page 7)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / January
S
Faulty End-time Interpretations!
Road and Study for Yourself!
FOR ALL ...Here is a series of interpretations of the Endtime right out of Hal Lindsey's book, "The Late Great Planet Earth." Always we find Russia coming to attack Israel, and making the "assumption" that real Israel is that dusty little area known as Palestine, being filled with usurpers, false claimants to being of ancient Judah, and even more false, of ancient Israel.
Then we must have a third temple built, as if this "facility" was an important asset necessary for our salvation, as the restoration of animal sacrifices can only be done there - ignoring the comments of Jesus that He is the Temple and that His sacrifice removed any need for the blood of animals...Some people just do not read their Bibles, but choose instead to read and adhere to "footnotes" from such reprobates as C. I. Schofield and his Talmudic advisors, (Samuel Untermeyer, et.al.) who promoted these distorted views that have captured some of our "blinded in part" Christians. (See Romans 11:25)
Then, we hear that some American has found an almost perfect, red heifer, unblemished by white hair or other disqualifying attributes, but a red one that can be turned into ashes to be used in even greater reach for a "salvation."
People, you are listening to Jewish Fables (see Titus 1:14) as was prophetically anticipated, and promoted today by those who are so confused about the Faith that they continue to repeat these fables of nonsense.
Do not listen to the Blinded Shepherds who are far more concerned with money and power and following the standard, humanist views on the Laws of Moses. Do your own Bible reading and stop letting someone else tell you what he thinks it says. (Col. J. Richard Niemela)
Israel Is A Very Costly Ally
Charley Reese
Syndicated Columnist - The Orlando [FLJ Sentinel
Some people have asked for Web sites about the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories. 1 would suggest you start with PalestineChronicle. com. You will find extensive coverage of the issue, as well as links to other sites. There are several reasons why all Americans should be interested in this issue.
First, it is embarrassing that the government of the world's so-called last remaining superpower plays the role of the tail that is wagged by Israel, a nation about the size of New Jersey.
Israel's influence in both the executive and legislative branches of our government is so pervasive that Israeli politicians openly boast about it. A few years ago when Egypt threatened not to renew the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty unless Israel signed it, the Israelis told the Egyptians that if they didrft shut up about the issue, their American aid would be cut off. Now, please note This is a foreign country telling another foreign country that it, not the United States, has the final say over American aid
Of course, it is also embarrassing (because of our silence) that the only nuclear power in the Middle East is Israel. The only country in the Middle East that refuses to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty is Israel. The only country in the Middle hast that refuses to allow international inspection of its nuclear facilities is Israel Yet all we hear from Washington is entmm of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussain’s ’’weapons of mass
s
-9
i
<u
M
^■volurnti
destnaction." What weapons, '
Why is there never any erte destruction, which actually exhK'T''
And now we are getting down u. „. Middle East actually affects America^ teeth thanks to American taxpayers, Palestinian, Syrian and Lebanese lands, it, a threat to peace in that region, and regional war
A	raal	mtorpct

affect America's real interest.
Second, Israel is the most expensive "ally" in the the human race. Depending on whose numbers yon ^ American aid to Israel has totaled $81 billion to $90 b\\h There are so many monetary favors tucked away in the Defc Department budget that an accurate number is hard to come The $81 billion figure is the U.S. government's.
I like the way the British express big numbers. Instead® saying 90 billion, they say 90 thousand millions. That gives y » hftttftr nf how much is involved. Let's suppose we cot
build a new public school for $1 million. With the money th has gone to Israel, we could have built 90,000 brand-new publ schools or restored 90,000 public waterworks or bridges or an number of other infrastructure needs.
There is nothing in the Constitution that authorizes Congress to tax the labor of the American people and hand over the proceeds to a foreign government, any foreign government, much less one that has blown up our diplomatic facilities in Egypt and attacked one of our Navy ships in international waters. An ally like that ought to come a heck of a lot cheaper than Israel.
Finally, our support of Israel's aggression and cruel treatment of the Palestinians is alienating not only the Arab world but the entire Muslim world. This hatred will eventually be expressed in the form of terrorism directed at Americans and at American interests. Terrorism is the poor man's way of waging war.
America's blind support of Israel's gross violations of human rights and international law will not only cost billions of tax dollars but eventually American lives as well. No lobby for any foreign country should be allowed to jeopardize American interests and American lives just to serve the selfish interests of a foreign power. America's government has only one justification for existence, to protect the lives and interests of Americans. It's time to start asking Americans, including our elected officials: Which country are you loyal to?
*******
A COMMENTARY BY VCI Charley Reese is one of America's most outspoken, forthright, and honest journalists who is not afraid to write counter to the "politically correct" mainstream media. Ask yourself, what has the Israeli done to be classified as our "ally?” Do you ever wonder about the "kill ratio" of Palestinians to Jews? Do you know what the penalty is for walking down a street in the Israeli with a Bible in your hand? Jail time) And how about the much talked about matter of ’’separation of church and state?” The Israeli is a Jewish state, and I was under the impression that Judaism was a religion. Why does this nation financially support the religion of Judaism? Or, is this whole matter of church and state separation only applicable to Christianity? These are sur^ questions that the Jewish-owned media (and politicians) don’ want to answer. It’s past time that we stop funding Israe terrorism. Christian America deserves better)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 3 / January 2002: Volume 13, Number 1
m
p v

■

WHERE ARE THE CLERICS
Stacey Miller
- - w
For more than thirty years, a consistent slide in religious itadership has taken over the institutional Churches in America. (Once upon a time their mission was preaching the gospel. Today the assignment is to get and keep tax-exempt status. The holy grail is an IRS 501(c)(3) non-profit tax exempt corporation.
Incorporation, of any kind, accepts the rule of the State, over an organization. Why in the world (certainly not a requirement of heaven) would an assembly of believers consider themselves a trust' of the government?
The unfortunate answer is an acceptance that avoiding paying taxes is more important than exhortation of the message. Some will say this kind of filing is but a minor matter and does not diminish from the tasks of a ministry. They are just being realistic to the organizational methods of a modem society. Well, all the rationalization that one can muster, will not change the reality that a church is NOT a corporation.
In a day when many charities have a suspect record, why are so many houses of worship' so eager to join the accounting rush to seek deductions, exemptions and those blessed privileges of a special status.
The tax game is played by most. Churches have become some of the best practitioners of building temporal temples to further their secular interests. Lest we forget, it is a choice to file for tax-exempt status, not a requirement to service your community. The entire notion of community service is an adjunct to the main purpose of any religious organization. Those roles may well have merit and provide valuable compassion for self help, but these are social functions. When they take the lead, at the expense of forgetting the fundamental reason for their existence, we are left wanting.
Faith, doctrine and preaching the message is the true purpose of religion. Denomination's vary dramatically in beliefs and emphasis, but teaching the tenants for moral behavior is central to claiming the mantel of a theology. So why is their silence of the last several decades so deafening? Silence in the realm where they have planted their new flag. Silence in the role of government and the policies that form the direction of the State. And silence in any notable criticism of administrating institutions and bureaucratic personnel.
I am shocked to think there may be a connection to that tax-exempt status! Only an idiot denies the power of civil authority, but it takes a fool to willingly accept abuses of civic dominion, as the price to avoid the tax collector. Public policies are designed for managing, controlling and directing society. At the core of all bureaucracies is the intent to demand compliance to rules. Rules that are indirectly conceived, but universally applied. Or so goes the theory. But what happens when those codes come into conflict with religious beliefs? And more to the point, what actions do religious ministers take when these laws and policies, violate the very essence of their dogmas? Are their convictions now defined in the new light of cordial relations with the secular world?
it surely seems the record reflects abandonment of purpose, for reasons less than genuine Persecution of religious sects has been one of the few consistencies throughout history Examining those religious orders who were the target of the king's wrath, usually meant that voicing the tenants of faith,
conflicted with the direction of government. Has anything changed in today's world? Few leaders of organized religion have spoken out against the New World Order, while knowing that it is fully foretold. Their lack of resistance to the march towards TC 'totalitarian collectivism' is the only message that we hear from their pulpits. Do you really accept that uniformity in support of the process of continuous international intervention, is based upon understandings of faith?
The latest 'so called', just war; is another escalation into the realm of total obedience. But the god of this assembly, is the one order that this worldwide community worships. Is this course so marked as the way to salvation that dissent is not needed? Or has the ministry of 'secular humanism* been so successful, that it has eliminated the gospel of traditional values from the marketplace of ideas? Belief is the reasonable expectation and trust that the unproved is real and true. Proof is what the NWO provides. Testimony that their way, is the path of homage for the enhanced targeting of GPS, global positioning satellites. This is the message of the privileged few, accepted by the vast majority and ignored by the clergyman. The pastor is supposed to minister. That means enlighten the word of faith, not perform the duties of the State. Reticence from priestly teachers is the modem sin.
Buying into the seduction of tax relief is but a symbol of a more profound decay. The reluctance to speak out and condemn wrong behavior, false actions and destructive policies; has become epidemic. Those Christians who have the courage to raise these issues usually are trashed as extremists. Staying above the fray and keeping your head intact, means keeping your mouth shut. Is that the calling that the spirit beckons?
Compromise is a way of life for most people. Arriving at consensus can have value when intentions are virtuous. But when agreement is jealously persuaded and defended as the supreme 'Good', at the cost of moral principle, the results will inevitably be tragic. Churches were once the basic and most respected institution in our society. Attendance may be up, but what message are they getting? Is it any wonder why so many churches have abandoned their congregations? People yearn for inspiration and hope. What they get in its place is a copy of the IRS form 1023. It is the document that applies for recognition, as a worthy member for the franchise of tax-exemption. The message of the scripture has been traded for the fluid assets of a counterfeit note. Do you forget the nature of the Philistine? The value of your head is not worth more than that of John the Baptist. The wilderness that you roam is a range for wanderers escaping their duty, to preach the gospel.
And we all wonder why the world seems so hopeless? The war on terror is but an allusion and is a flight from self reflection. If your clergy has forsaken that cause, what say you?
Who Do Thoy Servo?
You can only serve one "master" - see: Matthew 6:24: *No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon." Those who think that they can serve both man (government) and God, are prime examples of the truth of our Saviour's words. Joshua had the answer as found in 24:15, "And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve.,.but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD." This ministry holds to this truth • we will serve Yahweh our God! (V.C.I )
The Virginia Christian Israelite / Page 4 /January 2002: Volume
■ THE WOODEN BOWL
A frail old man went to live with his son, daughter-in-law, lid four-year-old grandson. The old man's hands trembled, his eyesight was blurred, and his step faltered. The family ate together at the table, but the elderly grandfather's shaky hands and failing sight made eating difficult.
Peas rolled off his spoon onto the floor. When he grasped the glass, milk spilled on the tablecloth. The son and daughter-in-law became irritated with the mess.
"We must do something about Grandfather,'' said the son. Tve had enough of his spilled milk, noisy eating, and food on the floor," so the husband and wife set a small table in the comer There, Grandfather ate alone while the rest of the family enjoyed dinner. Since Grandfather had broken a dish or two, his food was served in a wooden bowl.
When the family glanced in Grandfather's direction, sometimes he had a tear in his eye as he sat alone. Still, the only words the couple had for him were sharp admonitions when he dropped a fork or spilled food. The four-year-old watched it all in silence.
One evening before supper, the father noticed his son playing with wood scraps on the floor. He asked the child sweetly, "What are you making?" Just as sweetly, the boy responded, "Oh, I am making a little bowl for you and Mama to eat your food when I grow up." The four-year-old smiled and went back to work.
The words so struck the parents that they were speechless. Then tears started to stream down their cheeks. Though no word was spoken, both knew what must be done. That evening the husband took Grandfather’s hand and gently led him back to the family table. For the remainder of his days he ate every meal with the family. For some reason, neither husband nor wife seemed to care any longer when a fork was dropped, milk spilled, or the tablecloth soiled.
On a positive note. I've learned that, no matter what happens, how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.
Tve learned that you can tell a lot about a person by the way be/sbe handles three things: a rainy day, lost luggage, and tangled Christmas tree lights
Tve learned that, regardless of your relationship with your parents, you'll miss them when they're gone from your life.
Tve learned that making a "living" is not the same thing as making a life."
JVe learned that life sometimes gives you a second chance.
JVe teamed that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mat on both hands. You need to be able to throw something back
JVe learned that if you pursue happiness, it will elude you.
But, if you focus on your family, your friends, the needs of others, your work and doing the very best you can, happiness will find you
Tve teamed that whenever 1 decide something with an open heart, 1 usually make the right decision
I've teamed that even when 1 have pains, 1 don't have to be
1 Humber
i
V
&
care about. I just did. Sometime, I
something to make them smile. People ^ k I________
• • • people will forget what you did . , , tJjjV jjc/jf -S ^ forget how you made them feel.	a	Jf	•	**	-
JS
oil
_ 5J »
S-s f xil
For Your Health MIXED UP ABOUT NUTRITION
Ten Most Important Research Findings
JEAN CARPER
Use Olive Oil: People who use olive oil have better cholesterol and blood pressure, less heart disease, cancer and arthritis; and live longer. Also good for preventing wrinkles. Use extra virgin, cold pressed.
Eat Whole Grains: Oatmeal, shredded wheat, brown rice, whole-grain bread. Whole grains deliver lots of fiber, antioxidants, anti-cancer agents, essential minerals, dot blockers, and cholesterol reducers.
Eat Fattv Fish: Fresh or canned salmon, tuna, sardines, mackerel. Loaded with moega-3 oils to keep arteries clear, hearts in rhythm, brain and joints functioning well.
Eat Nuts: A daily ounce of tree nuts (pecans, walnuts, almonds) can cut your risk of heart disease by up to 50% and the brain loves the nutrition of nuts.
Prink Water: The body is about 80% water, and so is the brain. Most people are dehydrated today. No wonder there is so much brain fog. The best water - bioelectronically pure alkaline water made from the Alkalizer machine.
Teas to Drink: Black and green tea are high in antioxidants but make sure that they are without caffeine. Herb teas can help discourage strokes, heart attack and cancer. Green tea possesses EGCG, a unique anti-cancer agent and brain cell protector.
Eat More Fruits and Vegetables: Plant foods are the best antidote to virtually all chronic ailments. A cup of blueberries daily improved reaction time in a test group. Eat at least five fruit and vegetable servings a day!
Lighten up on the meat, etc.: Red meat, especially fried, is linked to colon cancer. Saturated fat in meats clog arteries as do the trans fatty adds in many margarines, processed snacks, and baked goods, such as doughnuts (partially hydrogenated on the label indicates trans fats). Excess salt can shorten or life and bring on heart disease even if your blood pressure is good. Pork and shellfish are scavengers and so are other Biblical foods that are prohibited. Read the book of Leviticus for the dietary food laws. Every one of them can be backed up by nutritionists.
Eat Less: Americans need to cut their portion sizes. Drastically trimming calories is the only reliable way known to increase the life span of animals and obesity is a major cause of disease and premature death. Processing more calories accelerates ggiug, cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and other degenerative diseases.
one
JVe learned that every day, you should reach out and touch someone People love that human touch-holding hands, s warm hug, or just a friendly pat on the back JVe teamed that I still have a lot to learn
JVe teamed that you should pass this on to everyone you
lake A QoM Multi-vitamin and Trace Minerals Daily: Processed, irradiated and genetically engineered food do not contain the micronutrients such as folic acid, niacin, zinc, vitamins A, B's, C, and E or the trace minerals. A lack of nutritious foods sets the stage for cancer and other chronic diseases
lhe Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5 / January 2002: Volume 13, Number 1
<F* 39 1
§yi p
F()R YOUR INFORMATION Sn be shown that the Old Testament is NOT meticulously
preserved In fact if you compare it with the Septuagint, the Bible used and authenticated by Jesus and the Disciples, you will find that the Masorette Jews who compiled the Old Testament left out over 1 /3rd of the Septuagint. Remember, the Septuagint was compiled around 285 B.C. and used the Old Hebrew texts and scrolls...many of which were lost after the Roman destruction of Jerusalem. And the Old Testament was NOT begun to be written again until 400 or so A.D. And with nothing much to use for a source, the Masorette Jews had to use the Septuagint.. but left out much, and jiggered some of the content to suit themselves. And they worked on this until around 900 AD. when the Roman Catholic Church accepted it, as is... So, with that said, you can now see why God states very dearly, that we must Study the Word, "precept upon precept, upon precept." (JRN)
Consider Well: Having an Abortion doesn't make you Unpregnant - It makes you the Mother of a bead Baby!
8?
&

Lunch With God
There once was a little boy who wanted to meet God. He knew it was a long trip to where God lived, so he packed his suitcase with Twinkies and a six-pack of root beer, and started his journey .When he had gone about three blocks, he met an old woman.
She was sitting in the park just staring at some pigeons. The boy sat down next to her and opened his suitcase. He was about to take a drink from his root beer when he noticed that the old lady looked hungry so he offered her a Twinkie. She gratefully accepted it and smiled at him. Her smile was so pretty that the boy wanted to see it again, so he offered her a root beer. Once again, she smiled at him. The boy was delighted! They sat there all afternoon eating and smiling but they never said a word.
As it grew dark, the boy realized how tired he was and he got up to leave, but before he had gone more than a few steps; he turned around, ran back to the old woman, and gave her a hug. She gave him her biggest smile ever. When the boy opened the door to his own house a short time later; his mother was surprised by the look of joy on his face. She asked him, "What did you do today that made you so happy?" He replied, I had lunch with God. But before his mother could respond, he added, "You know what? She's got the most beautiful smile I've ever seen?"
Meanwhile, the old woman, also radiant with joy, returned to her home Her son was stunned by the look of peace on her face and he asked, "Mother, what did you do today that made you so happy?" She replied, "I ate Twinkies in the park with God." But before her son responded, she added, "You know, he's much younger than 1 expected "
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a rpnd word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest ict of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life tround People come into our lives for a reason, a season, or a ifcume Embrace all equally!
"If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom, go home from us in peace.
We ask not your counsel or your arms.
Crouch down and lick the hands of those who feed you.
May your chains set lightly upon you.
May posterity forget that ye were our countrymen." -
Samuel Adams
THE STRANGER
Judy Price
A few months before I was bom, my Dad met a stranger who was new to our small town. From the beginning Dad was fascinated with this enchanting newcomer, and soon invited him to live with our family. The stranger was quickly accepted and was around to welcome me into the world a few months later. As I grew up, I never questioned his place in our family. Mom taught me to love the Word of God, and Dad taught me to obey it. But the stranger was our storyteller.
He could weave the most fascinating tales. Adventures, mysteries, and comedies were daily conversations. He could hold our whole family spellbound for hours each evening. He was like a friend to the whole family. He took Dad, my brother, and me to our first major league baseball game. He was always encouraging us to see the movies and he even made arrangements to introduce us to several movie stars. The stranger was an incessant talker. Dad didn't seem to mind, but sometimes Mom would quietly get up, while the rest of us were enthralled with one of his stories of faraway places - go to her room, read the Bible, and pray. I wonder now if she ever prayed that the stranger would leave.
You see, my Dad ruled our household with certain moral convictions. But this stranger never felt an obligation to honor them. Profanity, for example, was not allowed in our house, not from us, from our friends, or from adults. Yet, our longtime visitor, however, used occasional four letter words that burned my ears and made Dad squirm. To my knowledge the stranger was never confronted.
My Dad was a teetotaler who didn't permit alcohol in his home - not even for cooking. But the stranger felt like we needed exposure and enlightened us to other ways of life. He offered us beer and other alcoholic beverages often. He made cigarettes look tasty, cigars manly, and pipes distinguished. He talked freely about sex. His comments were sometimes blatant, sometimes suggestive, and generally embarrassing. I know now that the stranger influenced my early concepts of the man/woman relationship.
As I look back, I believe it was the grace of God that the stranger did not influence us more. Time after time, he opposed the values of parents, yet he was seldom rebuked and never asked to leave. More than thirty years have passed since the stranger moved in with us, but if I were to walk into my parent's home today, I would still see him sitting there waiting for someone to listen to his stories and watch him draw his pictures
His name?.. We always just calledhim...TV!
I
The	Virginia Christian	Israelite / PACE 6 / January2002: Volume 13, Number ,
Evidence Meteor
Publication Of Dead Sea Scrolls
Completed
Grant McCool
MW YORK (Reuters) - The modem technology of e-mail and laser pniuinK speeded up the publication of complete volumes of the ancient Dead Sea Scrolls, one of the archeological finds of tihe 20th century, scholars said on Thursday. The scrolls and fragments, providing insights into what the Hebrew Bible-looked like 2.000 years ago, were discovered in caves between 1947 and 1956 on the shores of the Dead Sea and the decades ance have been spent in painstaking and controversial research and conservation for their eventual publication.
Professor Emmanuel Tov, editor-in-chief of an international committee on the Dead Sea Scrolls, announced the publication of 57 large-sized volumes at a news conference in the New \ork Public Library He added that an additional 15 volumes were also ready for publication.
"Modem technology was very important to our team," said Tov who has headed the project since 1990. "We decided to make the camera copies ourselves, e-mail was absolutely neoessarv and 1 could not have done this in 10 years without e-Tov said he worked in a small office at the Hebrew
University in Jerusalem with desktop computers and laser printers Digital photography and multispectral imaging enabled scholars to read what was not previously visible on the fragments
The volumes of scrolls, translated from writings in Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek and Latin dating from 250 B.C. to 70 A.D., were published by Oxford University Press under the title "Discoveries in the Judean Desert"
TRIBULATION
"Tm pleased to be able to announce to you that the publication of the Dead Sea Scrolls has been completed," Tov said in remarks that he will also deliver Monday in Denver, Colorado at a conference of the Society of Biblical Literature. •After 54 years of excitement, expectation, tribulation, much enuasm and a little praise, with the help of inspiration and even more perspiration, publication has been finalized."
Ten years ago, the end of the project was far from completion because the scrolls were under the control of a handful of scholars who were reluctant to share them. Under Tov and the Israel Antiquities Authority the pace quickened.
Hundred* of the documents were found near the Dead Sea, the best known are the Qumran scrolls which were discovered in 3! caves near the ruins of an ancient settlement at Hirbet Qumran, 9 miles south of Jericho, which is now part of the Weal Bank
Reading of the scroti* did not shake Judaism or Christianity t* some scholars had anticipated, but there was debate over the years over why they did not mention Jesus Christ Tov that a was probably too early for Jesus to appear in he literature "Don't forget that all the scrolls written prior to be year zero could not have mentioned him," Tov said "So you ft left only with the scrolls from zero to around 70. 1 hen don't nr get the New 1 estament itself was not written in the year zero r the year one, or two but the first writings were ui the middle f the first century so it wasn't yet written up"
Prey like your life depends upon it ~ It Does!
The Bronze Age
SCIENTISTS have found the first devastating meteor impact in the Middle East ^ triggered the mysterious collapse of civilizations m**
4,000 years ago. Satellite images of southern Iraq have TCw a two-mile-wide impact crater caused by a meteor. Studies ^ satellite images of southern Iraq have revealed a two-nule-vn^ circular depression which scientists say bears all the hallmarks of an impact crater. If confirmed, it would point to the Middle East being struck by a meteor with the violence equivalent to hundreds of nuclear bombs. Today's crater lies on what would have been shallow sea 4,000 years ago, and any impact would have caused devastating fires and flooding. The catastrophic effect of these could explain the mystery of why so many early cultures went into sudden decline around 2300 BC. Trey* include the demise of the Akkad culture of central Iraq, with its mysterious semi-mythological emperor Sargon; the end of the fifth dynasty of Egypt's Old Kingdom, following the building of the Great Pyramids and the sudden disappearance of hundreds of early settlements in the Holy Land.
Until now, archaeologists have put forward a host of separate explanations for these events, from local wars to environmental changes. Recently, some astronomers have suggested that meteor impacts could explain such historical mysteries. The crater's faint outline was found by Dr Sharad Master, a geologist at the University of Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, on satellite images of the A1 'Amarah region, about 10 miles north-west of the confluence of the Tigris and Euphrates and home of the Marsh Arabs.
Detailed analysis of other satellite images taken since the mid-1980s showed that for many years the crater contained a small lake. The draining of the region, as part of Saddam's campaign against the Marsh Arabs, has since caused the lake to recede, revealing a ring-like ridge inside the larger bowl-like depression - a classic feature of meteor impact craters.
The crater also appears to be, in geological terms, very recent. Dr Master said: "The sediments in this region are very young, so whatever caused the crater-like structure, it must have happened within the past 6,000 years." Reporting his finding in the latest issue of the journal Meteoritics & Planetary Science, Dr Master suggests that a recent meteor impact is the most plausible explanation for the structure.
A survey of the crater itself could reveal tell-tale melted rock. "If we could find fragments of impact glass, we could date them using radioactive dating techniques," he said. A date of around 2300 BC for the impact may also cast new light on the legend of Gilgamesh, dating from the same period. The legend talks of "the Seven Judges of Hell," who raised their torches, lighting the land with flame, and a storm that turned day into night, "smashed the land like a cup," and flooded the area. The discovery of the crater has sparked great interest among scientists.
Dr Benny Peiser, who lectures on the effects of meteor impacts at John Moores University, Liverpool, said it was one of the most significant discoveries in recent years and would corroborate research he and others have done He said that craters recently found in Argenuna date from around the same period * suggesting that the Earth may have been hit by a shower of large meteors at about the same time.
lht Virginia Christian Isratlitt / PACE 7 / January 2002: Volume 13, Number 1
I
DR. ALBERT McDONALD
Bom in los Angeles, California in 1914 Died Oclobcr 2001, Colorado Dr McDonald held a Doctorate in Homeopathic Medicine and was President of the Kinnaman Foundation from 1961 until his death in October at the age of 87. Dr. Mac was an electronic "tinkercr" for most of his life, mostly short wave radio. He was also a tireless networker on many avenues of research, including Biblical, archaeological, health, alternative medical technology, and alternative energy sources. He had attended several of the Scriptures for America camps and meetings in recent _years. He lived in Lodi, California for many years, before moving to Colorado in 1992. There are no surviving members of his family. May he hear those joyous words: "Well done good and faithful servant..
Prisoners Searching Questions
CHARLES SHIRES
(50625-083) FCI - Beckley, P. O. Box 350, Beaver, WV 25813
For those who are truly searching for the truth consider the following information. Have your prison chaplain make Bible Dictionaries and Concordances (Preferably Strong's) available to you. Or you can save money and get a Strong's Concordance from Christian Book Distributors, P. O. Box 7000, Peabody, MA 01961. Cost is SI6.45 including shipping/handling.
There is an excellent and thorough Bible Study course available from The American Institute of Theology, P. O. Box 1021, Harrison, AR 72602. Cost is $36.00 (for prisoners) which you can send in increments of $3.00 a month as you complete each lesson, and have it graded and returned with the next lesson.
Establish contact with like-minded people, both on the inside and outside. Study the Bible together at regular times and sessions. During these Bible study sessions, concentrate your efforts on small segments of Scripture, and above all, do not let the discussion stray into non-Scriptural topics and agenda. The Holy Scriptures are the only "necessary" book that you will need.
Exercise the reasoning ability that Yahweh has blessed you with Sincerely pray for knowledge, understanding, and gfiidanra See: Proverbs 2, Jeremiah 29:8-14; John 5:39; and especially John 15:16, and be exceedingly glad that you have been chosen, as a member of Yahweh's elect.
* * * aft * *
The Virginia Christian Israelites has distributed a one-page synopsis of Religious Rights Law Upheld in Christian identity Civil Rights Suit The transcript is a thick document and at the present time is not available. This synopsis notes that the courts have consistently held that Christian Identity is a bona fide religion which is protected by the first amendment and by RLUIPA This is a major first-round victory for us to exercise our religious beliefs. For a copy of this synopsis, please request same from VCI, P O Box 109, Round Hill, VA 20142.
A PROPER TIME AND A DEFINITE TASK FOR EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING (from Page 1)
marked and severe corrections, both to my attitude and to my perspective. 1 now know and realize why I had not pursued a career in the ministry upon leaving high school. I would have been no different today than the Baal, hypocritical, materialistic, ungodly preachers that we find in abundance today!
Firstly, the ministry should never be considered a "career." It is a "calling," and has to be a serious and heartfelt decision. After all, the penalties, as detailed in Ezekial 34, are very harsh for those who do not follow God's laws and Word. In Ezekial 34:2 we read "... Woe be to the shepherds of Israel..." This is a rather condemning statement directed at "the shepherds of Israel," and not unto any any shepherds. Secondly, you have to be able to speak the truth, without worrying about who (a person) you might be offending. If you are going to mince your words to please man...you often offend Yahweh our God.
Yahweh was not ready for me all those many years ago. He proceeded to refine me over those years always providing for my sustenance and both my spiritual and physical welfare. He further exposed me to experiences which allowed me to better understand the true nature of God's plan.
We have no idea of exactly what Yahweh God has destined for our purposes in this earthly life. But be assured. He will be refining and preparing you. Be not concerned, frustrated, or depressed by anything. He will let you know when He is ready for you.
Consider the words of the prophet Isaiah in chapter 6, verse 8: "...I heard the voice of the LORD , saying. Whom shall 1 send, and who will go for us? Then said 1, Here am I; send me. ” [emphasis mine] Be prepared to answer likewise, "Here am I, send me."
My prayers on behalf of all of you remain steadfast, whether you be sick and ill, lonely, imprisoned, suffering hardships or other adversity. Trust in our heavenly Father, and the atoning sacrifice of His Son, our Lord and Saviour, Jesus the Christ. Amen.
What is Ahead of us in 2002?
We realize that no man knoweth the immediate future, but our Saviour has given us signs to be watchful for. One of the best chapters to study can be found in Matthew 24 when Jesus answered the disciples question, "...what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world? (24:3). As you read this chapter consider all of what we see surrounding us today. You will see many considerations with what we see, hear, and read of current worldly events.
In verse 36 we are told, "But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only " I put no faith in the charlatans who prophesy on the dates and times, contradicting the words of our Saviour. These people who prophesy falsely should suffer the fete of a false prophet.
In verses 37-39, we hear the end times related to the time of Noe (Noah). What do we see all around us today?
May we take this opportunity, not to wish you a "Happy New Year," but to wish you a "Blessed New Year" in 2002. May your faith be strengthened, your prayers answered, and may your love for our heavenly Father and for His Son, our Redeemer grow stronger each and every day.
K
[HHVH *
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 8 /January 2002: Volume 13, Number I	1	»
\ H •
RUTH WAS AN ISRAELITE
Bertrand L. Comparet
It is unfortunate that many preachers, in their ignorance, teach so mam false doctrines. One such false doctrine is the statement that Jesus Christ was not of pure Israelite blood; they sa\ one of His ancestors was Ruth, a Moabitess. From the use of this term they believe that she was racially, not just geographically, a Moabite, in this they are greatly mistaken.
The territory' of the Moabites was originally east and northeast of the Dead Sea. It extended from the Amon River on the south to the Jabbok River on the north. Then their territory went from the Dead Sea and the Jordan River on the west, across the plains and foothills, into the mountains to the east. From the name of the people who lived there, it was called Moab It kept that name for many centuries after all the Moabites were gone from it.
When the Israelites entered the Promised Land, after their 40 years wandering during the exodus, the land of Moab was the first land they conquered. Yahweh had commanded Israel to totally exterminate the occupants of the lands they were to settle, in Moab they did so.
At this time, about 1450 B.C. Sihon, king of the Amorites, had conquered and occupied the kingdom of Moab and was its ruler when the Israelites came in. In Numbers 21:25,29 we read. Tor Heshbon was the dty of Sihon, king of the Amorites, who had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out of his hand, even unto Amon. Woe unto thee Moab! Thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon, king of the Amorites."
The Israelites conquered the land of Moab, killing all the people found there We read in Deuteronomy 2:32-34, "Then Sihon came out against us, he and all his people, to fight at Jahaz And Yahweh, our God, delivered him before us: we smote him and his sons and all his people. And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men and the women and the little ones of every city: we left none to remain."
From hare, the Israelites advanced northward into the land of Ammon, Numbers 21:33-35 describes it. "And they turned and went up by way of Bashan: and Og, the king of Bashan, went out against them, he and all his people, to the battle at Edrai And Yahweh said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people and his land; and thou shah do to him as thou didst unto Sihon, king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon. So they smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left alive: and they possessed his land "
This entire area of the Jordan river was settled by the tribes of Reuben, Gad and half the tribe of Manasseh, after all the original inhabitants, Moabites and Ammonites, had been killed or driven out. In Deuteronomy 3:12-16 Moses tells us, "And this land which we possessed at that time, from Aroer which is by the river Amon, and half mount Gilead and the cities thereof, gave I unto the Reubenites and to the Gadites. And the rest of Gilead, and all Bashan, being the kingdom of Og, gave 1 unto the half tribe of Manasseh And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites 1 gave from Gilead even unto the river Amon half the valley, and the border even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon "
All of this was accomplished about 1450 B.C.; from this
time on this was purely Israelite territory. This was^K g so than the land west of the Jordan River, because iink £ lands of Moab and Ammon, none were left alive. Today,
Saxon Americans who live in California are called Californium bearing this name and living in a former Mexican territory doesn't make them Mexicans. Likewise, pure Israelites living in the old land of Moab were often called Moabites, just as those who lived in Galilee were called Galileans.
Three hundred years later, about 1143 B.C., we find evidence that the Israelite occupation of the lands of Moab and Ammon, was still unbroken. In Judges 11:12-26 we read, "And Jephthah sent messengers unto the king of the children of Ammon saying, what hast thou to do with me, that thou art come against me to fight in my land? And the king of the children of Ammon answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land when they came up out of Egypt, from Amon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore, restore again those land peaceably. And Jephthah sent messengers again unto the king of the children of Ammon, and said unto him, Thus saith Jephthat: when Israel came up from Egypt, and walked through the wilderness unto the Red Sea, and came to Kadesh; then Israel sent messengers unto the king of Edom saying, Let me, I pray thee, pass through thy land: but the king of Edom would not harken thereto. And in like manner they sent unto the king of Moab: but he would not consent.
Then they went along through the wilderness and compassed the land of Edom and the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Amon, but came not within the border of Moab: for Amon was the border of Moab. And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon, king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said unto him. Let us pass, we pray thee, through thy land into my place. But Sihon trusted not Israel to pass through his coast: but Sihon gathered all his people together and pitched in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
And Yahweh, God of Israel delivered Sihon and all his people into the hand of Israel, and they smote them: so Israel possessed all the land of the Amorites, the inhabitants of that country. And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites from Amon even unto Jabbok, and from the wilderness even unto Jordan. While Israel dwelt in Hershbon and her towns, and in Aroer and her towns, and in all the cities that be along the coasts of Amon, three hundred years, why therefore did ye not recover them within that time?" The Israelites had held unbroken possession of the land of Moab and Ammon all that time.
Right in the middle of this period about 1322 B.C., or 130 years after the Israelites of the tribes of Reuben and Gad had occupied the land of Moab, Elimelech a man of Judah, with his wife Naomi and his two sons were driven by famine out of Judah. Ruth 1:1 records that he "went to sojourn in the country of Moab." Note the accuracy of that expression, it doesn't say among the people, but in the country of Moab, which was occupied by Israelites exclusively. Elimelech's sons married women of this country, one of them being Ruth, who became an ancestor of David and through David, an ancestor of Christ She could not have been of any race except Israel, for no others lived there.
Indeed, it could not have been otherwise, because from the beginning Yahweh very strongly condemned the Moabites and Ammonites. In Deuteronomy 23:3 Yahweh commanded, "An Ammonite or Moabite shall not enter into the congregation of
(Continued on Page 9)
H 2R 1 Wt
I <v<f
is. v ffiiS m as* ■£&
I v # & 0 s
® k. .	*	i»	gS*	.sr
/
N

£ £ j§*l? I
IW
f « n
»
m $ CS JS B J
1 §% jr£ #J §#||§g| m
■B 3?
t/firf
>#*&
Christian Israelite / PACE 9 / January 2002: Volume 13, Number 1
mm
m
* $ f i *
•» S’
•3
transformation
S'Jiff
* rough Immigration
cM America dying, and a new America emerging? Are _ j£jentcd numbers of immigrants giving birth to a new I |§||| Until the 1960's, America's immigration laws limited a country's immigrant contribution to the percentage of that group already in the U.S. This policy was known at the national origins quota system. In 1965, Congress changed this policy mto an open border policy. In 1986 and 1990, Congress granted unnesty to milhons of illegal aliens and increased the overall lumbers of legal immigrants by 40 percent.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau by 2050, legal and legal immigrants will account for two-thirds of America's K>p ation growth. European-born whites and their descendants number about 48 percent of the population. One in 4 Americans will be Hispanic; and about 1 in 8 will be African-American, with. Asians, Native Americans [American Indians] ind people of mixed race constituting the rest.
The National Academy of Sciences reports that immigration imposes an annual cost of $1,174 on a typical native household in California, and $229 on a typical native household in New Jersey. Peter Brimelow, author of Alien Nation, estimates that native households across the country pay an average additional annual tax burden of $166 to $226, or $15 to $20 billion a year to accommodate the newcomers.
Many of the older immigrants come to the U.S. for the lavish retirement and disability programs unavailable in their home countries. In 1996 alone, more than 50 percent of the nearly $8 billion available to the disabled and elderly under the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program went to immigrant non-citizens. The children of illegal aliens cost taxpayers $1 billion a year in welfare benefits alone. In Hong Kong and Taiwan, retailers sell a Chinese language book that advises would-be immigrants on how to qualify for the American SSI program. Eight to 10 million immigrants arrive in the U.S. each decade, and three fourths of them settle in only six states.
The Current Population Survey (CPS) of the Census Bureau reports that 26.3 million immigrants now call America home. That's an increase of 33 percent since 1990. As a percentage of the population, immigrants now account for nearly one in 10 residents, the highest in seven decades. Other CPS findings: The immigrant population is growing 6.5 times faster than the native born population - slightly over 4 percent per year compared with 0 6 percent for natives. The number of immigrants living in the United States has almost tripled since 1970 from 9.6 million to 26.3 million As a percentage of the U.S. population, immigrants have more than doubled from 4.8 percent in 1970 to 9.8 percent in 1998. The 8.6 million immigrants who arrived between 1990 and 1998 represent 42 percent of the 20.4 million increase in the total U S. population since 1990. Additionally,
5 4 million children were bom to immigrant women over the same period Thus, immigration and births to immigrant women are equal to 70 percent of the increase in the U.S. population in the 1990's. The proportion of immigrant households receiving welfare is 30 to 50 percent higher than that of natives.
Some 20 states are heavily affected by immigration, but 71 percent of the immigrants live in just six states: California, New York, Florida, Texas, Illinois and New Jersey.
be reduced to a collection of warring racial and ethnic gro with little in common except a national boundaiy.
Is America being transformed by immigration? You be believe it is! Immigrants bring their way of life to Amen Many have political views supporting government dictators! and social beliefs that their subservience to government vs provide for their culture, morals, traditions and habits of crim More than 25 percent of all inmates in the federal prison systei are immigrants. The Immigration and Naturalization Servic admitted in congressional hearings that it was pushed by the Clinton-Gore administration into granting citizenship in 1996 to nearly 200,000 immigrants with criminal records. The result should be obvious. America is under attack! Yet, we allow President Bush to continue the attack on American sovereignty!
Demographers, including those at the U.S. Census Bureau, agree on one thing - that unless America reverses course, the America in which most citizens grew up will be gone forever.
If our culture, our way of life, and the customs and values that distinguish us as Americans are to survive, we must restore our leadership with men and women possessing morals, character, and Godly devotion. Today's status quo is corrupt !
RUTH WAS AN ISRAELITE: (Continuedfrom Page 8) Yahweh; even to their tenth generation shall they not enter into the congregation of Yahweh forever." In the tenth generation there could be as little as one part in 1,056 of Moabite blood. Even still, a person with even one part in a thousand of Moabite blood could not enter into the congregation of Yahweh forever.
Yahweh was always consistent in this as in other matters. In Zephaniah 2:9 we read, "Therefore, as I live, saith Yahweh the God of Israel, surely Moab shall be as Sodom and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah." Jeremiah chapter 48, the whole chapter is a condemnation of the people of Moab. In prophesying the triumphant return of Christ, Isaiah 25:10 tells us, "For in this mountain shall the hand of Yahweh rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under Him, even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill." Certainly Yahweh would not take from a people, whom He condemns like Sodom, a woman to be an ancestor of Jesus Christ.
Never let anyone tell you Christ was only a mongrel, with the blood of other races in His veins. Yahweh was so insistent that even the least peasant, among His people Israel, must keep the bloodline pure, under penalty of being cut off from His people for violation of this law. The Messiah said in Matthew 5:17, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets: 1 came not to destroy, but to fulfill".
We have the clearest proof both as God the Father and as God the Son; Yahweh was consistently true to His own commandments. Ruth was a pure Israelite, from the land of Moab, but not from the race of Moab.
PLEASE NOTE
If the date on your mailing label reads 01/2002, this is the last issue of this newsletter that you will receive unless you notify us that you wish to continue receiving it We do not want to send this publication out to those who have no interest in receiving it. We welcome new readers and will send this newsletter for a three-month trial period so that you may ascertain if you wish to receive it. Our Prison Mailing Listing is currently "frozen." For information on related materials available, write. The Congregations of Israel, P O. Box 94, Round Hill, VA 20142 USA