ft irllM?
H1I
TWA' NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
2S1A
I
Scotland
......	, r > %r ■**.	.
/ tY
r. ,14* .' / , ,r > //,/> ,
•'v/ 'fail*?/-* \ Scandinavia y/*.7
i-":-Tt&hW'M -
England
Mfr / IB
WM fej'.y..	'	Am	Minor*?;
r Iberia 1
ro
■ «/ -
. Greece r?:eS*i'
APRIL 1998: Volume 9, Number 4 Distribution: 1963 copies
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant than, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
/'/ **/%>'. * ; . ,,, . . -teijif'Y.y.
X*‘/\
PjudcaV***’
The Passover or Easter?
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelite
The Hebrew month of Abib, and the start of the Israelite Religious New Year commences on the 29th of March. The fourteenth day of Abib is therefore the 11th of April, and this is the day that the Mlamb without blemish" was to be slain (see: Exodus 12:5-6).
The Passover was first observed around 1400 B.C., as the Israelites under the leadership of Moses and the Divine guidance of Yahweh our God, prepared to leave their Egyptian bondage. The name "Passover" (or Pesach) comes from the time when God sent an angel to slay the firstborn son in every Egyptian household, "passing over" the homes and abodes of Israelites, who had marked their doorposts and lintels with the blood of a sacrificial lamb. The Israelites were then to eat the roasted lamb, along with bitter herbs and unleavened bread. This was to be their last meal in Egypt before their redemption from slavery. And in verse 11 of Exodus 12, we are informed that they were to be fully ready to "move out" at daybreak.
We are told by the Almighty in Exodus 12:14,17 that we, as Israelites, are to observe this festival "forever." These commands are also found in Leviticus 23: 14,21,31,41.
For many hundreds of years after the Exodus, until King Josiah of Judah instituted reforms, Passover was not celebrated as proscribed in the Torah.
So how did we get to the so-called Christian holy days that are so much observed by many today.
The early New Testament church observed the traditional holy days of Passover as dictated in the Scriptures, In fact for the first two or three centuries of the early New Testament church, there was no such thing as "good Friday" and "Taster." It was only when "man" in the confines of the early Roman Church came to the conclusion that "Passover" was too Jewish, confusing the Talmudic rituals of the Jews, with the God-ordained festivals of the Israelites.
s
Ue, as Israelites, should be following the commands and the whole Word of our Elohim. We should be observing and celebrating the God-ordained and established Hebrew Feast Days. Today however, we do not need to celebrate in the same manner as our ancient brethren, as we are under the New Covenant, and our observances should so reflect this. As an example, the old "ordinances" of the Law, pertaining to animal sacrifices have been done away with and replaced by the sacrifice of our Saviour. His shed blood was for our redemption and there is no further or additional need for animal sacrifices. This in contrast to today’s Jews who are actively working towards the restoration of animal sacrifices.
The Israelites at the time of Moses, were looking forward to a coming Messiah as promised by Yahweh, our heavenly Father. We know and recognize that the promised Messiah, our Saviour Jesus Christ, Yahshua, the Lamb of God, has come almost 2,000 years ago and redeemed us from our sins and from certain death. WE ARE SAVED BY THE BLOOD OF Tit LANB SLAIN FOR US.
I + 1 + |
In the various denominations and groupings of the Christian Church, today and for centuries past, we encounter all of the trappings and customs which have been established and developed by "man" and his various religious traditions.
In past editions of this newsletter, we have covered the establishment of the tradition of "Lent" which did not come into being until well into the fourth century, A.D.; "Ash Wednesday" which was not established until the sixth century, A.D., and other such events.
First of all, let us consider the fact that the observance of Palm Sunday and Easter Sunday is always celebrated on a "Sunday." This does not fit an observance of truth. A date does not always match a day,
[Continued on Page 3)
[tie Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 2
laws of Punishment
Under the Oiv/ine Law there can be no imprisonment for crime of any kind. Fines, Corporal, and Capital Punishment do away completely with our present cruel and expensive system of Penal institutions. County 3ails, Reformatories, Prison Farms, Penitentiaries, and the Personnel necessary to maintain and operate them will be abolished with the resultant great reduction in taxation.
Our whole prison system is uneconomic and places an unjustifiable burden of taxes on the citizens. Why should a criminal be fed, housed and clothed at public expense? If his crime be one that does not warrant the death penalty why should the torture of separation be inflicted upon his loved ones? Why should the breadwinner of a family be taken out of productive employment and locked for years behind prison walls?
The Divine Law provides for a temporary place of incarceration while the accused awaits trial. This corresponds to our modern Police Station. See Numbers 15:34: "And they put him in ward, because it was not declared what should be done to him." (see also Leviticus 24:12).
That a difference is to be made between sinning ignorantly and presumptuously is stated clearly in Numbers 15:22-31: "Ye shall have one law for him that simeth through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them. But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a stranger, the same reproacheth the Lord; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people. Because he hath despised the word of the Lord, and hath broken his commandment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall be upon him." (Numbers 15:29-31)
The Law of Punishment regarding theft is simple. The thief must restore to the one from whom he stole the value of that which was stolen; and in some cases he must add one-fifth of its value. In some caes he must pay back double the amount. In the case of livestock he must pay four, and five times the amount stolen, (see: Leviticus 6:2-5; Numbers 5:8, Exodus 22:1-9)
If the thief cannot restore that which he stole, then he must work out the amount plus the penalty. He can be made to work for the man from whom he stole, or carry on with his regular employment with deductions from his wages going to his victim until the full amount, and the fine, are paid.
Surely this is a saner, fairer, and more just method of dealing with the thief and the person from whom he stole, than our present system where the injured party generally gets nothing back and is compelled by the law to dig down into his own pocket, through taxation, and help to support the thief while he is "doing time" in prison.
In some cases Corporal Punishment, in the form of a whipping, as well as a fine, may be imposed by the
&

April 19%. I
Judges (sees Deuteronomy 25:1-3f 21 sia
^7
If IB
/

I
%
*/° i? "'i
™ to
in no case may more than 40 lashes be givjjv 3 Sf § If Fines and Chastisement do not turn
o $ \
from his evil ways, then Capital Punishment, k ^ ^ ^ Sentence, is imposed. (See for example:

21:18-23 which also lays down the Principle punishment of the chronic drunken-driver.
+ + +
From "Han Thinking" by Hervyn T. Judge, 1970, Published by The Association of The Covenant People, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V3N 1B8,
Questions?
IF YOU HAVE ASKED YOURSELF THESE QUESTIONS YOU ARE A
CONCERNED AMERICAN. IF YOU CAN ANSliER THESE QUESTIONS, YOU ARE A KNOWLEDGEABLE AMERICAN.
1 • Why have we allowed our government to mortgage the lives of our children and grandchildren with a $5,000,000,000+ (five trillion) national debt?
2.	LJhy are young Americans graduating from high school unable to read, write, or think?
3.	Why has the joy of living been replaced with a struggle to merely make ends meet?
4.	Why have thousands of POW/MIA’s from past "wars" been abandoned?
5.	Why are drug pushers running rampant on our streets when we have expended billions of dollars on the so-called "war on drugs"?
6.	Why are small businessmen being crushed by an onslaught of taxes and regulations?
7.	What hideous crimes did the Branch Davidians, the Weavers, and others commit to deserve death at the hands of federal police agencies?
8.	Who gets the millions of dollars from lobbyists and what is it used for?
9.	Why does the Federal Reserve, a private non-government institution control our "money"?
10.	What gives our President the authority to issue "Executive Orders"?
11.	Where is the nation's gold that used to be in Fort Knox?
12.	Why would a person spend millions of dollars to get elected to a $125,000 a year job?
13.	Why do the same career politicians get elected time after time when you didn't vote for them?
14.	Why does the government not want us to have guns, vitamins, and herbs?
15.	Who is our "national debt" owed to?
16.	Who has allowed America's problems to keep growing?
IF YOU DON'T KNOW THE ANSWERS TO THESE QUESTIONS, YOU
OWE IT TO YOURSELF AND YOUR CHILDREN TO LEARN THE TRUTH
Prayer changes things and can make a diffartflttll
PAGE 3
April 1998: Volume 9, Number 4
111 §	M
k	ra	Christian Israelite
I n ^
jpVER OR EASTER? [Continued from Page 11 | jpfv example of this would be your birthday, which is on a specific date during the year, but which from year to year is on a different day of the week. Therefore, Palm Sunday, Good Friday, and Easter Sunday, by their definition, cannot be on any other day of the week. How could Good Friday be on Wednesday or Easter Sunday on a Saturday?
Palm Sunday always falls 7 days before the observance of Easter, assumably commemorating the Saviour1s triumphant entry into Jerusalem as mentioned in the Gospel of Matthew 21:8-9. The term "Palm Sunday" was first mentioned in the travel writings of a Spanish nun named Etheria, The Roman Church considered this event for almost 500 years and finally late in the eleventh century adopted a Palm Sunday procession as ritual.
Palm Sunday is followed by a holy Monday through Wednesday, Maundy Thursday, Good Friday, another holy day on Saturday, followed by Easter Sunday, If these claimed "holy days" are not mentioned in the Bible and specifically in the New Testament, who has determined that these "holy days" are both proper and applicable?
The origins of "Easter" is an interesting phenonena. This name, "Easter," is derived from an ancient pagan festival and is the name of a pagan goddess of renewal. Just how did a raucous pagan ritual evolve into a solemn Christian observnce? Second-century Christian missionaries, spreading out among Teutonic tribes north of Rome encountered numerous "heathen" religious observances, When possible, these missionaries (rather weak-willed in nature) tried not to interfere too strongly with entrenched and popular customs, instead attempting to transform pagan practices into ceremonies that would harmonize with Christian doctrine. To initiate a Christian rite on the same day as a long-observed pagan celebration, and if the modes of worship could be kept similar, they felt that Christianity would be more readily-accepted. They were right, but it was the pagan celebration which bettered the Christian truth.
The Christian missionaries astutely observed that the centuries-old festival to Eastre, commemorated at the start of spring, came close to the time of their own observance of the Messiah1s resurrection. Thus, the resurrection was subsumed under the protective rubric Eastre - later spelled Easter,
In addition, we have the "lost time" factor. Our Saviour in Matthew 12:38-39 replied to the scribes and Pharisees: "An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonah: For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the fish1 s belly; so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth." In all truth, between Friday (Good Friday), and prior to dawn on the following Sunday (Easter Sunday), there is no way to tally three days and three nights. If our Saviour said three days and three nights, then that is what it had to be - nothing more or less! Is this another perversion of truth by the "traditions of men"?
It was a coincidence that the fertility goddess, Eastre, (Eastre means spring or revival), had as her earthly symbol the prolific hare or rabbit. Hence, the origin of the "Easter bunny." There are many other false and pagan rites involving "eggs," "hot-cross buns," and other items which we find incorporated into our religious observances today. It is highly interesting to note that the presumed "holiest day" of the liturgical Christian year, the so-called "Easter Sunday," bears the name of a pagan sex goddess, Eastre and the pagan sun god Solis. Just how do these traditions relate to the death and mighty Ressurection of our Saviour and Messiah? If these are "Christian," perhaps we ought to look at the definition of being Christian.
+ + + + +•
Our God has told us that The Passover was to be observed and celebrated "forever." In our communion service, we say: "Jesus the Christ, (Yahshua) our Passover, is sacrificed for us." The Son of God has redeemed us from the death of sin.
When we see the glitter and crass commercialism of Easter (and similarly Christmas), we wonder what our Father thinks. Perhaps some don't recognize the danger, and think that the "easter bunny" and the "colored eggs" is a harmless matter in the observance of this Christian holy-day. Ooes it matter at all what we think of these harmless traditions? How can we possibly involve pagan and heathen practices in the same vein and breath as the resurrection of our Saviour? What does Yahweh, the Almighty Elohim think of our "traditions"? This is the ultimate and most important consideration.
On Passover, I urge you to take the time to read the 22nd Psalm, foretelling hundreds of years prior to the event, how our Saviour would hang on the cross.
Our God is an unchanging God - the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow. His Word is sure truth.
Thank both Yahweh our heavenly Father, and Jesus the Messiah for opening your eyes to Scriptural truths. Be not like the false shepherds who follow the erroneous traditions of men. To continue to observe man's feast or holy days (traditional holidays) is an affront to, and in direct conflict with our God. To ignore and disregard the Word of Yahweh is sin and disobedience, and you do so at your own peril.
****** *
The Virginia Christian Israelites will be printing the final version of our Worship Service booklet within the next few weeks. We have also in preparation, a service booklet for the worship and observance of Passover, and Pentecost, which should be ready by mid-summer. Our service booklet on the Parent-Child Dedication Service is out-of-print and will be reprinted in mid-May. We will be initiating some new programs in the near future which may have some interest among those not livng close to our groups or to other Israelite ministries.
PRAY LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS UPON IT - IT DOES!
Silence Out of South Africa
TOHN PI It^RSON, Q&acon, Virginia Christian Israelites on assignment in South Africa
tn the late 1980’s and early 1990’s there uias waged campaign against the white government of South Africa* In fart, if I remember correctly, the topic was of major importance to the media and to the politicians end their governments. South Africa had restrictive evictions imposed upon it under the guidance of our State Department and President Bush. Well, finally the mas ended and the government was turned over ex-terrorist Nelson Mandela and the African National Mandela was feted with a parade in New York, acclaimed as the leader to take South Africa into the future. I won’t go into all of the details of UN and acclaim, and the adoration of the European nations and Asian peoples.
tlfcilt *diy is it that we don’t hear much from South flfStic* today? In fact the silence is particularly noticeable and in fact indicting! South Africa had been a "westernized" country with a booming economy and a high degree of technological, economical, and scientific civilization. Today, South Africa is a basket case and a coming disaster I Will we ever hear an apology from those irfio condemned the white government and promoted the acceptance of incompetant blacks? I doubt it. They hope that the American people will have forgotten their actions and comments. The U.S. Senators from Indiana and Massachusetts, as well as many others, Jesse Jackson and his Rainbow Coalition, the racist from Trans-Africa, assorted Congressmen who pandered to minorities rather than looking at the facts. And to be sure. South Africa’s Jews played a major, and somewhat silent, role in this debacle.
Our American President, Bill Clinton, will be coming to Africa this month (March) presumably to promote and foster trade, and expand cultural understandings. He jill be welcomed on the dark continent, so long as he brings "aid and financial help.” There isn't much left here to trade with the U. 5., and surely it is not difficult to understand the contrast in the cultures. One, with the help and guidance of the Almighty, has built a culture which has helped the world and is the envy of all backward people. The other (black Africa) are still eating their neighbors and enemies for lunch.
It has been many years since I was last in South Africa, and I can notice a startling change. It is more representative of the conditions found in Kenya in the late 1950’s with travel in the outlying areas restricted during the day and prohibited after dark. Perhaps one reason why there is little mention of this criminal epidemic is because it is exclusively black on white. The tourist business has just about dried up as no one
wants to come here.
Most all of the nations in sub-Sahara Africa used to be prosperous and in a state of continuing Improvement.
If

Si
Q)
tf
m
9f

£ © 4 I £ 3
=9
la
vfauri

HV.
1*
Today, they are run down, with u^j transportation, brutal dictators and Wsr all ’’aid funds” for their personal UgQ ’’civilized nations” continue to send the.
The judgment of God has come upon tb nations (including South Africa) and the peoples. It appears that every Israelite nation encountering the same punishment. (I was in Austral! for many months last year and saw the frustration and worry among our people there). When are we going to heed the word of our God as found in 2 Chronicles 7:14? ”If My people which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.”

A/l
+ + + + + +
The following comments come from Pastor F.W.C. Neser, a Christian Israelite Pastor who has spent a I lifetime in ministering to our people in that nation.
”0ur beloved country lies covered under a cloud of crime, murder, corruption and a disinegrating economy. I Our hospitals are in a pitiful state, our education is in chaos, our university degrees respected and accepted I world wide, are not even recognized today. And so we could go on.
’’All this has built up to its present state under I Mandela. Who is he? He is a sworn communist. As commun- I ism has destroyed all the countries where they had been in power, so also South Africa under Mandela. There is more unemployment and all of the other defects now, than under the previous administration when the white man was in control. And this is not only the situation in South Africa, it is the same throughout Africa. A I few years after the withdrawal of the Colonial Powers from Africa, the cry went out: ’White man, come back!’
The reason is, the black man cannot govern. Mandela in particular, and the black man in general, have been so lauded and praised by the international powers through their chief instrument, the mass media, that they are I almost diefied. It is being done to degrade the white man and to break and humiliate the Afrikaner in particular. This has all culminated in the take-over of our country by the ANC, and of the TRC by which the Afrikaner especially is being dragged through the mud. Now that we have lost the fight against the powers of dark- I ness, we can see what the conflict was all about. Our farmers are being brutally murdered on our farms, our people are being robbed and raped in our homes, law and order has collapsed. The fiendish slogan ’kill the farmer, kill the boer,* is being implemented to the very letter. The country has been made ungovernable. I The ANC Congress in Mafikeng in December 1997, closed with the invocation of the ancestral spirits. But we whites are so blind that there was no reaction whatso- I ever from our people. It was similar to the case of Princess Diana who planned to marry an Egyptian by race and a Moslem by faith. Nobody even noticed it, or I sounded an alarm or saw anything wrong in it.”
mmm
PAGE 5
April 1998i Volume 9, Number 4
€
m
1
§1
i
K
K Ctw
Tsraelit*
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
1. W>at did Moses mount on a pole as a way of healing the ailing Israelites?
2* What bird served as a miracle food for the Israelites?
3* What did Moses do to bring forth water from the rock at Kadesh?
4. What animal came forth out of the Nile in droves?
5% What miraculous thing happened to Moses’ hand?
6* What was the unique feature of the hailstorm that God sent upon the Egyptians?
?• feftiat did Moses' staff turn into?
8* What everyday substance was changed into a plague of lice?
9* bfriat caused the boils on the Egyptians?
10. What did the Nile waters turn into?
.11• What plague was sent upon the Egyptians’ cattle?
12* Who appeared on the Mount of Transfiguration with Moses and Christ?
13.	What did Moses cast into the bitter water at Marah
to make it sweet?
14.	What hapened to Aaron's staff when placed in the
Tent of Meeting?
15.	What was done to stop the plague that killed 14,700
of the Israelites?
16.	What voracious insect was a plague on the Egyptian
flora?
17.	What happened to the rebellious Korah and his men?
18.	What happened to 250 men who offered incense?
19.	For how long did the thick darkness hang over the
Egyptians?
20.	What substance, called bread from heaven, fed the
Israelites in the wilderness?
211 What hid the departing Israelites?
22.	Who was made leprous and then healed after her
rebellious acts?
23.	What did the Israelites put on their doorposts so
the angel of death would pass over?
24.	What did Yahweh use to part the Red Sea?
25.	What means did Yahweh-God use to halt the Egyptian
chariots?
26.	What happened to the manna the Israelites tried to
hoard?
27.	Who was slain by the angel of death?
28.	What was Moses supposed to do to the rock at Horeb
to bring water from it?
29.	What consumed the offering on the altar?
30.	What did Moses do at Taberah when the fire of God
destroyed many Israelites?
31.	What brought the locust plague to a halt?
32.	When the plague of hail came, where was the one
place it did not fall?
33.	Whose rod was turned into a serpent that swallowed
the Egyptian sorcerers' serpents?
34# What bit the Israelites, causing Moses to fix a a brass figure on a pole?
(Please see Answers on Page 6)
The Facts in the Lewinsky Case
CHARLEY REESE, King Features Syndicate
To understand what is going on in Washington, D.C., it will be helpful to separate facts from allegations in the Monica Lewinsky affair.
Here are the facts, not allegations:
1 • Lewinsky was an intern at the White House, and later, the White House placed her in a job at the Pentagon.
2.	Lewinsky made at least three dozen trips to the White House after moving to the Pentagon but not for any reason related to her job.
3.	Lewinsky denied in a sworn affidavit that she had a sexual relationship with President Clinton.
4.	Lewinsky said on the tapes that she did have an affair, and she implied that Clinton and his pal, Vernon Jordan, persauded her to lie in the affidavit.
5. Jordan personally drove her to an attorney's office in Washington and personally called Revlon, in New York, which offered her a job.
6.	Bill Richardson, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, invited Lewinsky to breakfast and offered her a job with the delegation in New York.
7.	William Ginsburg, her expensive lawyer, told a reporter from the Israeli newspaper Yediot Ahronot that neither he nor Lewinsky want Clinton forced from office because "Clinton is very positive toward Israel and the Jews, and Monica and I are Jews."
All of the above are facts that no one has denied. The questions to be answered are explanations for the facts. Nothing in human affairs happens without a cause or a reason. There is a reason why Jordan was helpful, why Lewinsky was given a security clearance and a Pentagon job, why Richardson invited her to breakfast and offered her a job.
And what has it all got to do with Clinton's attitude toward Israel and Jews? Is Ginsburg trying to protect Clinton? Only two people, Clinton and Lewinsky, know the truth, and both of them are refusing to talk.
If you assume that Clinton is innocent of both an affair and of attempting to persaude someone to lie under oath, then there must be some reasonable explanations for the following:
1.	How did a 21-year-old intern with limited work experience get so much help in furthering her career from the White House, from a U.S. ambassador and from one of Washington's most high-powered power brokers?
2.	Why did she say one thing in the affidavit and the opposite to her friend and confidante?
3.	Why is she seeking immunity from prosecution? It is not a crime to fib to your friends.
4.	Why has Clinton refused to give a reasonable explanation of the facts? If in fact he did nothing improper, then telling the truth could not possibly
[Continued on Page 6]
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 6
I
H |
April, lkJ0 **(/)
OR PREACHING
by STEPHEN CONTRAOO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, HA 02045
When Christians read the gospel they should remember that the word gospel means ’’good news” and ’’glad tidings,” specifically the good news of the kingdom of God brought by Jesus Christ. Jesus told his disciples, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature" (Mark 16:15). It should be preached till the end of the world (Matthew 24:14).
Christ said the Scriptures testify about him: "They are they which testify of We" (John 5:39). For example, Isaiah says, "I the Lord have called thee in righteousness, and will hold Thine hand, and will keep Thee, and give Thee for a covenant of the people, for a light of the Gentiles; to open the blind eyes, to bring the prisoners from prison, and them that sit in darkness out of the prison-house" (Isaiah 42:6,7).
Can't you see how clearly all Scripture testifies of Jesus, the alpha and omega, the beginning and end, of the plan of salvation? Reclaiming and saving kinsmen is the labor of the servant of God. Christ prepared his disciples by "opening" their "understanding" (Luke 24:25) and the Holy Spirit was sent down from heaven so the apostles could preach the gospel (1 Peter 1:12). By preaching the gospel "the word of God increased and the number of the disciples multiplied" (Acts 6:7).
All Christians should know the gospel "is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth" (Romans 1:16) and should preach about following Christ. They should be gentle and patient (2 Timothy 2:24,25) and adapt their preaching for those who they want to reach (see: Mark 4:33); but they must never take Christ out of the plan of salvation.
Christ said to Paul, "I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness... to open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in We" (Acts 26:15-18).
To be a good preacher, declare the word of God, help others to repent for their sins, and master all forms of prayer. Prayer keeps the soul in touch with God. Start each day with a morning prayer and end with an evening prayer. Pray for grace and intercession, for guidance and confidence, for the sick and neglected, for protection and thanksgiving, for children, prisoners, and the deceased, and for our ministry and nation.
False or slick preachers, liberals who promise social progress based on social institutions, and the Jews all lead people away from Christ. Like all Jews, the only thing they love is money. Their plan for salvation is control of this world. They believe the messiah they await will bring them wealth and world supremacy. They don't fear God. And, yet, to oppose the
Jews is to subject oneself to severe reK tion; and to work for white separatism br able charges of racism.
+ + + + +
+ +
THE FACTS IN TJC LMW CASE [Continue fro* Pal incriminate him or cause him any harm. On the contrl it would do him great good.
I believe, of course, that Clinton is a sleaze, that^ he did have the affair and that he did encourage her to lie about it. We know from the past that when Clinton says, "I never told anybody to lie," he probably means he never used the word "lie."
Even if you disagree, you should not be taken in by the White House propaganda campaign that Wrs. Clinton is orchestrating and leading. Seriously now, when she tells the American people, "We just have to wait until the facts come out," she is insulting our intelligence.
Presumably, she sleeps with all the facts every night, and if the facts were not damaging, she would be sharing them with the public. Instead, she is leading the White House's normal modus operandi of attack, which is to deny, stonewall and slime all critics.
*******
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOW-EDGE (l) A brass serpent, Numbers 21:5-9; (2) Quail, Exodus 16:11-13; (3) He struck it twice. Numbers 20:1-11; (4) Frogs, Exodus 8:5-7; (5) It became leprous, then became normal again, Exodus 4:7; (6) It was accompanied by fire that ran along the ground. Exodus 9:22-26; (7) A serpent, Exodus 4:2-4; (8) Dust, Exodus 8:16-17; (9) Ashes that were turned into dust. Exodus 9:8-12; (10) Blood, Exodus 7:19-25; (11) Murrain, Exodus 9:1-7; (12) Elijah, Luke 9:28-36; (13) A tree. Exodus 15:23-25; (14) It sprouted and blossomed and bore almonds, Numbers 17; (15) An offering of incense was made, Numbers 16:46-50; (16) Locusts, Exodus 10:12-15; (17) They were swallowed up by the earth. Numbers 16:28-33; (18) They were consumed by fire from God, Numbers 16:16-18; (19) Three days, Exodus 10:21-23; (20) Manna, Exodus 16: 14-15; (21) A cloud, Exodus 14:19-20;	(22) Miriam,
Numbers 12; (23) Lamb's blood, Exodus 12:21-30; (24) A strong east wind. Exodus 14-21; (25) He made their wheels come off, Exodus 14:23-25; (26) It was filled with maggots, Exodus 16:20; (27) The firstborn among the Egyptians, Exodus 12:29-30; (28) Strike it, Exodus 17:1-6; (29) Fire from God, Leviticus 9:22-24; (30) He prayed and the fire died down, Numbers 11:1-2; (31) God blew them away with a strong west wind, Exodus 10: 16-20; (32) In Goshen, where the Israelites dwelled, Exodus 9:26; (33) Aaron's, Exodus 7:10-12; (34) Fiery serpents, Numbers 21:5-9.
**#*##
"I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel,1*
[Matthew 15:24]
X	ls*oar ®urch or Denomination Listed? See: Leriticus 18:22!
[Religious Organizations Working for Gay & Lesbian Inclusion						
Denomination	Organization	Address	Phone/Fax			Intemet/E-mail
American R*ptiM	American ftapHsh* I Concerned	TOC R» WHS	 Oakland, CAM610	p			1 ewitiKOT’ ambaptistfl^iaolccrm
ftrethrm/ Mennonite	B/MC for Lesbian and Gay Concerns	Box 6300 Minneapolis, MN 55406-0300	ph: 612-305-3015			e-mail: BMCouncilQaol.com
Christian ^dentist	UUJOi	PO Box 217X1 Beverly Hills, CA 90213	p		mmm y	
Eastern & Orthodox Christian	Axios	P.O. Box 990 Village Station New York, NY 10014-0990	ph: 718-805-'952			internet ftp:// ftp.netcom.com/pub/ ba/battweb/axios/ axios.html e-mail: AxiosUS A@aol .com
l^cumenica) Catholic		iiS&Si Villa Grande, CA 95486	fee 707-865^24^ i ! :			^usmarkOaotcoin
Episcopalian	Integrity JEvangeiic^s	PO Box 19561 Washington, DC 20036-0561 •: Jll- E'72nd-SlreeL;!;i No C“1	ph: 718-720-3054 p 212-517-3171			
	::: I;::::::;::::::::::::::: I;;::::::::::::::: WCGLJO	PO Box 18961 Washington, DC 20036				
BaAManij	Ludierans					
	Qancemed •••					
Mormon	Affirmation	PO Box 46022 Los Angeles, CA 90046	ph: 415-255-0303			e-mail: dino91 l@aol.com
Ihentecostato	1 National Gay ; i Pentecostal Alliance	liiSH				internet nttp;/ f
		Sdmedady, NY 12301-				iii www.cris^om/'“NGPA
		1391.				! NGFAQocmces^ri^
Political Action Committee	People of Faith Against Bigotry	2249 E. Burnside Portland, OR 97214	ph: 503-230-9430			
(Iff j	|S|jil	1 New Bnrns wick, Nf . 089034X138	fee 908-932^916			■ internet www.eppjcimi.edti/ ■ ^riley/PLGSi^tml m iiisi ss
Pro-Life	Pro-Life Alliance	PO Box 33292 Washington, DC 20333	ph: 202-223-6697			Plagalone@aol.com
	■■mu	BOx 222	p 215-234-8424 lililll			
Roman Catholic	Conference for Catholic Lesbians	PO Box 436 Planetarium Station New York, NY 10024	ph: 718-921-0463			
	Courage	c/o St Michael's Rectory 424 W. 34 th Street New York. NY 10001	ph: 212-421-0426			
	Dignity, Inc.	1500 Massachusetts Ave., N.W., Suite 11 Washington, DC 20005	ph: 202-861-0017 fax: 202-429-9808			
	New Ways Ministry	4012 29th Street Mt. Rainier, MD 20712	ph: 301-277-5674 fax: 301-864-8954			
Seraifnday Adventist	mmrnm	PO Boot 68 ilillpiiii				11 ! 1 jjjgf
Universal Fellowship of Metropolitan Community Churches	UFMCC	8704 Santa Monica Blvd., Second Floor W. Hollywood, CA 90069	iirlOTeiiijpiQ^ ph: 310-360-8640 fee 310-360-8640			internet http:// www.ufmcc.com e-mail: ufmcchq@aol.cxxn
Unitarian IfevmaHit I		ll5812KertRoad ’ •- U, J"1" LaurtJ, MD 20707	:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::			
						
United Church of Christ	UCCL/GC	7825 Peckins Road Lyons, MI 48851-9747	ph: 517-337-1849 fax: 517-336-2662			e-mail: WAVES@ECUNET.ORG
Urufed Method!st	1 Affirmation |	WElElgpi Evanston, IL 60236 J	if* 70B-47S0499 fl		I iSHiil	
	Kecondling Congrega-Hon frogiSn lllllllillli	■HlHiH i^ueiijiiipfe iiigyai 11 il«l^ I		-		

introduction Unv mention of "The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion" is often confronted with the statement that these IrT forgeries or fakes and that they are being used in I strict anti-semitic reference. To provide an intro-duct ion to the following article , it is irnpentive that the reader have some knowledge of the background of these controversial protocols*
The ''Protocols” first appeared immediately following the first World Zionist Conference which was held on August 18, 1897 in Basel, Switzerland. Within two years the "Protocols” surfaced and were published in 1905. In the early 1900's, many people were becoming aware of what they perceived was a Jewish conspiracy to not only set up a Jewish state, but to bring the entire world under Jewish influence and control.
In 1948, the United Nations partitioned Palestine end created a "homeland” for the Jews, largely as a result of ”supposed" suffering and "alleged" persecution during World War II. From shortly after this tine, the "Protocols" were described by the Zionists as forgeries and a hoax. It has however never been proven to be a hoax. And, as for being a forgery, by definition, this means "a copy of an original."
After reading this article, and then comparing and evaluating the facts as we view them today, I think you will have to admit that these "Protocols," of a century ago, perfectly fit into conditions today. It is uncanny that such accurate predictions have and are continuing to be realized. Part of a Zionist world conspiracy!
The Elders of Zion m and the Protocols That Guide Them
COL. J. RICHARD NIEHELA
"They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them." (1 John 4:5)
"They" are blended among the Christian nations of the world, much as "Tares" comport themselves among the "Wheat and Barley," covertly intertwining roots - producing a noxious seed - to be harvested and burned before the final "harvest" of the Lord.
A small, but irritatingly successful cabal has emerged among the Christian nations and a rancorous element in the body politic. It has almost achieved the "dominion." Esau, who is Edom, has shaken off the historical "yoke" of Jacob (Genesis 27:40). But in doing so, he has exposed the "mystery of iniquity" - the plan
of the ages for universal dominion!
Esau/E dam's humanism, its political, economic and social distortions, have spread their debilitating potion on Christianity and secular elements of the world body. This bitter bile now masquerades as a balm for the world's ailments, soothing mis-led Christians
kded to the Truth!
Dedicated Christians who recoqnu,^	^
and expect their historical fulfills Jf/I pate the appearance of what St. Paul lonians, the "mystery of inquity."	""
Of the six New Testament "mysteries," thw * of iniquity is a secret rebellion against God - y - underground and disguised, being Talmudically ^ towards a "great revolt” even before the time ol Paul. Its devious principles are emerging in hist ally prescient and successful planning stages, mystery of iniquity is now coming into light exposed as the substances of addresses delivered t inner-most circle of the Sages of Zion - The noto.
Protocols of the Elders of Zion!
These "Sages of Zion," formed into a secret Con tee of 300, evolved in England at Cromwells' time continues today as the "hidden hand” shaping hist forging with Talmudic links, iLs despotic humanisr its principal target, the Christian world. The Apos John notes that those who will not recognize and c fess that Jesus came in the flesh - are alien to G This failure to accept Jesus, so damnably charact< istic of the Talmudists, shows that:
'...this is the spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come, and even now already is it in the world." (1 John 4:3)
It is secretly working a rebellion, leading to tt time when Christians are advised: "to hide thyself d it were for a little moment, until the indignation bi overpast" (Isaiah 26:20).
There is little comfort for Christianity how thiJ "indignation" is performed: a number of Biblical referJ ences state that the angels of the Lord will be used -Jesus* comments in Matthew confirm it.
During that time, as lambs blood on door lintels at Passover shielded the innocent, the blood of Jesus saves Christians during this coming "indignation" as the harvest of the Tares begins. We have been at war! An evil adversary designs his policies - issues orders, and Protocols - Sends out probes and sorties, forays and maneuvers - the target is Christianity - vulnerable, yet not defenseless. The Word of our Lord will prevail. The adversary's plans are exposed - The information is yours to use!
Protocol Number 1*
Every man aims at power, everyone would like to be a dictator if only he could, and rare indeed are the men who would not be willing to sacrifice the welfare of all for the sake of securing their own welfare. What has restrained the beasts of prey who call themselves men? In the beginnings of the structure of society they were subjected to brutal blind forces; afterwards - to law, which is the same force, only disguised, I draw the conclusion that by the law, right lies in force.
^(Paraphrased summaries from The Protocols of Zion by Victor Marsden and from The Satanic Counterfeit by Col* Jack Mohr)
[Continued on Page 9]
Protocol Number 2 It is indispen&ible for our purpose that wars* as far •$ possible will be brought on the economic ground, where nations will not fail to perceive in the assistance we give, the strength of our predominance, and this state of things will put both sides at our mercy.
Protocol Number 3 Our goal is only a few steps off, only a small space to cross and the ring will close on the States of Europe, locked in its coil, the constitutional scales become instable, oscillating until they wear out the pivot on which thev turn. Terror influences the leadership, of power creates a gulf between the Sovereign power and the blind force of the people, so that both lose their meaning. In order to incite seekers after pnwrr to a misuse of power, we have set up all forces jyn opposition to one another, breaking up their liberal ‘%BWdtencies towards independence. To this end we have tttirred up every form of enterprise, we have armed all parties, we have set up authority as a target for every ambition. Of States, we have made gladitorial arenas where a host of confused issues contend...A little More, and disorders and bankruptcy will be universal, tfcjr power is in the chronic shortages of food and physical weakness of the workers, because by this he will be made a slave to our will...By want, by envy, and the hatred which it engenders, we shall move the mobs and with their hands, we will wipe out all those who hinder us in any way. The qoyim have lost the habit of thinking unless prompted by the suggestions of our specialists. I.it is essential to teach in the national schools the knowledge of social existence; the division of labor and men into classes and conditions; then they will voluntarily submit to our authority...and accept such positions as is appointed them in the State.
Protocol Number 4 Every republic passes through several stages. The first of these is comprised of the early days of mad raging by a blind mob, tossed hither and thither...the second is demagoguery, from which is born anarchy that leads invariably to despotism...Since society might be governed under the dispositions of God on earth, it is in-dispensible for us to undermine all faith, to tear out of the minds of the Goyim the very principle of the Godhead, and the spirit, and to put in its place arithmetical calculations and material needs. Gentile Masonry serves a a screen for us and our objects, but the plan of action of our force, even its very abiding place, remains for the whole people an unknown mystery. Their only guide is gain, that is Gold, which they will erect into a veritable cult, for the sake of those material delights which it can give.
Protocol Number 5 We shall create an intensified centralization of government in order to grip in our hands all the forces of the community. Tor a time we might successfully deal with a coalition of the goyim of all the world; but
F, n	April 19991 Volume 9, Wtjmber 4
from this danger we are secured by the discord that exists among them...We have set one against the other, the personal and national reckonings of the goyim, religion, race hatreds, which we have fostered into a huge growth in the course of the past 20 centuries.•• It is said by the prophets that we were the chosen of God himself, to rule over the whole world. God has endowed us with genius that we may be equal to the task. In order to put public opinion in our hands, we must bring about a state of bewilderment by giving expression from all sides to as many contradictory opinions as will suffice to make the goyim lose their heads in the labyrinth and come to see that the best way is to have no opinion of any kind in the matter of politics ...there is nothing more dangerous than personal initio jive; if such initiative have genius behind it, it can do more than can be done by millions among whom we have sowed discord. Here is set forth the crux of the centuries of suffering, self-inflicted by the Jews. Even today, they try and justify, rather than condemn, the acts of the High Priests and the people who condemned Christ. By all these means we shall so wear down the goyim that they shall be compelled to offer us international power of a nature that by its position will enable us without violence to gradually absorb all the State forces in the world and to form a Super-Government.
Protocol Number 6 We shall soon begin to establish huge monopolies, resrvoirs of colossal riches, upon which the large fortunes of the goyim will depend to such an extent that they will go to the bottom together with the credit of the states on the day of the political smash. We shall raise the rate of wages, which however, will not bring any advantage to the workers, for we shall also produce a rise in the prices of the first necessities of life. In order that the true meaning of things may not strike the goyim before the proper time, we shall mask it under an alleged desire to serve the working class.
Protocol Number 7 The intensifications of armaments and the increase of police forces are essential for the completion of our plans. We must create ferments, discords and hostilities, therein we gain double advantage. First we keep in check all these countries, for they will know that we have the power whenever we like to create discords or to restore order. If general uprisings occur, we will use the guns of America or China or Japan to quell them, by universal war if necessary.
Protocol Number 8 In order to annhilate the instructions of the goyim before it is time, we have touched them with craft and have taken hold of the ends of the springs which move their mechanisms. These springs lay in a strict, but just sense of orders we have replaced them with the chaotic license of liberalism. We got our hands into the administration of the law; into the conduct of
[Continued on Page 10]
■ffl
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 10
APril 19%. „ t
volume 9, Wurnb«,
the gocRS or zion and the totdcols that guide them
[Continued from Page 9]
elections; into the press; into the liberty of the person, but principally into education and training, as being the corner-stones of a free existence. We have fooled, bemused and corrupted the youth of the goyim by rearing them in the principles and theories which are known to us to be false, although it is by us they ha\/e been innoculated. You may say that the goyim will rise upon us, arms in hand, if they guess what is going on before the time comes, but in the West, we have against this, a maneuver of such ghastly terror that the stoutest hearts quail I the underground, from whence their capitals will be blown into the air.
Protocol Number 9 The words of the liberal, which are in effect the words of our watchword, are - Liberty! Equality! Fraternity!
1 When we come into our kingdom, we will change into words no longer of a watchword, but an expression of idealism | The Right of Liberty, The Duty of Equality, The Idea of Brotherhood. De Facto, we have already wiped out every rule but our own, although de jure there remain a good many of them. I am in a position to tell you with a clear conscience, that at the proper time, we, the lawgivers, shall execute judgment and sentence, we shall slay and we shall spare. We will rule by force. The weapons in our hands will be the limitless ambitions, a burning greediness, merciless vengeance, hatreds and malice.
Protocol Nunber 10 We must have everybody vote without distinction of classes and qualifications, in order to establish an absolute majority. This way we destroy the goyim. It is indispensible to trouble in all countries the peoples relations with their governments so as to utterly exhaust humanity with dissention, hatred, struggle, envy and even torture, by starvation, by the innoculation of diseases, by want, so that the goyim see no other issue than to take refuge in our complete sovereignty in money and in all else.
Protocol Number 11 The goyim are sheep and we are wolves. You know what happens when wolves get into the flock. There is another reason they will close their eyes; for we shjail keep promising to give back their liberties^we have taken away as soon as we have quelled the "enemies of peace. God has granted us, His chosen People, the gift of dispersion, and in this, which appears ii\ all eyqsp to be our weakness, has come forth all our Strength, which has now brought us to the threshold of sovereignty over all the world. There now remains not much fprf us to build up upon the foundation we have laid.
Protocol Number 12 The word freedom is defined as follows: Freedom is the right to do that which the law allows. This interpretation of the word at the proper time will be of service to us, because all freedom will thus be in our hands, since the laws will abolish or create only that which is desirable for us, according to our program. What is
<*■»
the part played by the press today? it set and inflame those passions which are	^cit®
purpose...it is often vapid, unjust, mendacious; ^ the majority of the public have not the slightest idea what ends the Press really serves, liie shall saddle and bridle it with a tight curb; we shall do the same with the productions of the printing press. I beg you to note that among those making attack upon us, will also be organs established by us, but they will attack exclusively points which we have pre-determined to alter. Not one single pronouncement will reach the public without our control.
Protocol Number 13 The need for daily bread forces the goyim to keep silence and be our humble servants. Goyim we hire for our Press will handle anything inconvenient for us to discuss or issue directly in official documents, and in spite of the din created, we will directly determine the outcome and represent it as an improvement. The press will then distract and divert attention to other issues. In order that the masses may not guess what is going on, we further distract them with amusements, games, pastimes, passions, peoples palaces. Soon we shall begin through the press to propose competitions in art, in sport of all kinds: these distractions will then distract their minds from the question in which we should find ourselves compelled to oppose them. The part played by the liberals, utopian dreamers, will be finally played out when our government is acknowledged. No one will suspect that all these peoples were stage-managed by us according to political plan which no one has suspected.
Protocol Number 14 When we come into our kingdom, it will be undesirable for us that there should exist any other religion than ours of the one God, with whom our destiny is bound by our position as His Chosen People, and through whom our same destiny is united with the destinies of the world. If this gives birth to the atheists we see today, it will not, being a transitional stage, interfere with our views. While we may discuss the shortcomings of y/apiS^s beliefs of the goyim, no one will ever bring under-,discussion our faith. In countries known as progressive'’ and enlightened we have created a senseless, filthy, abominable literature.
TO BE CONTINUED IN THE NAY ISSUE
. \ #######
COMMENTARY BY YOUR EDITOR < Thsye tiave been many in Christianity as well as Zionism who have declared the "Protocols” as forgeries. But, a forgery is by definition, a copy of the original. Why we ask, have so many of these protocols come so close to completion in accordance with the "master plan"? Is this mere coincidence, or by denying the protocols as truth, are we also denying truth? We will provide additional information on related readings and the conclusion of this article in the May edition of The Virginia Christian Israelite.