MU WMH2A GEMST1AM 2
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round Hill Virginia 20142
% ' 1

Scotland
,< Scandinavia
'•t (r t ://•%> rI i-t	•'(•XT-1-**'/ i
Mr*
>m. > / 'V/fvv
___j* i. v{______
•* Southern Russia
JANUARY , 2000 + Volume 11, Number 1
"Moreover, I will appoint a place- for my people, Israel, and will plant then, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
THE TEAR 2000 AND FINAL THOUGHTS ON T2K
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
After much hype, rhetoric, and discussion over the past several years from groups, organizations, government, and individuals, we now know the final outcome and results of the Y2K issue.
For some unknown reason, the government, at almost all levels, after disregarding and soft-pedaling the matter for several years, suddenly concentrated so much propaganda on Y2K that it appeared destined to panic the populcce. And the Justice Department (FBI) spent untold millions on preparing for a supposed insurrection by what they termed as terrorists” and "religious weirdoes." So much for the undercover intelligence efforts of that organization. Obviously, the "experts" in the Southern Poverty Law Center and the ADL do not read the Word of God, and specifically the words of His Son, as found in Matthew 24:36-39, Yes, from all of the signs, we feel the return of our Saviour is near at hand, "but of the day and hour knoweth no man."
What now of all of the dire predictions of world collapse and disaster? So many of the independent financial newsletters, and many of the newsletters of independent ministries raised the specter that Y2K was tied in with the return of Christ Jesus, and that total collapse of the world "systems" was inevitable. Surely some people were misled and either spent thousands of dollars on "survival" gear and materials, or barricaded themselves in "retreats." And, how many books were written and sold with supposedly "accurate" information which merely lined the pockets of the authors and publishers*
life know that Christ Jesus was born in 4 B. C •, and to those who wish to maintain the 2,000 year separation of Scripture, the second advent should have occurred in 1996* I have little faith and trust in those who speculate in prophecy for self-gain purposes. They are no better than fortune-tellers and charlatans. Sensationalism sells*..no one wants to hear the usual hum-drum.
It is true that we have stored some food, and we also have stored water. This is not something that is unusual with us, as living in a rural area, we are often faced with winter storms which cause a loss of electric power, and with that the inability of our well pump to function. And I am sure that in many instances, people do keep some food supplies in a pantry for use during emergencies. Further, we do have modern heating, hut L!Sw u,ocd heat for at least half of out wint^T heat.
To be a Christian (Israelite) requires one to have faith in God and in His ability to provide for your needs. Didn’t God provide for Israel’s needs after He brought them out of the land of Egypt? As He did so at that time, why would we doubt His ability to do so at this time. That is not to state that we cease work, do nothing, and expect the Father to take complete and total care of us in some divine type of welfare system. Does our Saviour have to repeat the words delivered to his disciples in Matthew 8:26: "Why are ye fearful, 0 ye of little faith?
May we take this opportunity as we enter the year 2000 to wish you a blessed New Year. We urge you to build upon your faith and to persevere in your efforts on behalf of Yahweh our God, trusting in the saving grace of His Son, our Saviour Christ Jesus.
Be not misled by the words and traditions of men... those who have no concept of the future, but seek to delude for personal material gain.
Study your Bible. Make sure that you set aside some time each and every day to communicate with the Father and the Son through the efforts and medium of prayer. "And whatsoever ye shall ask in My name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. If ye ask anything in My name, I will do it. If ye love Me, keep my cc—undnents. " [John 14:13-15] May Yahweh our God bless you in this forthcoming year. Amen
Hie Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 2
An Example of Media Bias 4
Hie attached article from the Sunday Tribune (Pennsylvania) of October 31, 1999, needs no additional explanation or commentary.
While we have been subjected to w selected" accounts of inhuman cruelty in the case of Matthew Shepard, and also the dragging death of the black man in Texas, by all outlets of the media, we have heard nothing of the Jesse Dirkhising matter. We have also heard of other dragging deaths in which the victim was white and the perpetrator was black. [We do not have sufficient information to verify these happenings at this time.]
We know that the governmental definition of a "hate crime" is only applied to white on-minority violence. Irregardless of how violent and deadly a crime on a white person by a minority is, it is NOT considered a "hate crime," as if in the governmental assessment, only white people can hate. Another example of bureaucratic stupidity!
Our oatifrtents should not be taken as an endorsement or approval of the violence or killing in any, and all, of these instances - they sure all in violation of God's laws and the appropriate penalty is well spelled out in the Scriptures.
We do however take umbrage with all of the media outlets who insist on only presenting one side of the story. Like most of "the news" reported today it is nothing more than a slanted commentary which denigrates white people casting an aura of supposed shame on such. And, I ask with sure knowledge of the truth. Who Controls the Media?
Can you be happy with such blatant bias? Does this type of reporting raaJce you ashamed of being a member of the supposed "hateful" white race? We are less than satisfied with this type of one-sided media commentary. We do not practice or endorse violence for the sake of doing so. Is it too Much to expect honest reporting and coverage by the media? Truly, it does ocme back to who owns and controls the media, and the brainwashing techniques that ore being used to slant personal self*oplr4.ons of the "goyini,"
When Matthew Shepard died on Oct. 12.1998. at the age of 21. five days after getting into a pickup truck with two goons who beat him mercilessly, he had already become a huge national news story that con* tinues today. It made the cover of Time magazine with the headline “The War Over Gays.” with reporters predictably using the occasion to blame religious conservatives and call for hate-crime laws and other gay-left agenda items.
But when Jesse Dirkhising died on Sept. 26 at the age of 13 from suffocation after being bound, gagged with underwear in his mouth, blindfolded, taped to the bed, and sodomized by one gay man while another gay man watched, the national media said nothing, even after The Washington Times exposed the untold story.
In this modern media age. wrhen lurid murders, especially of children, dance in the dreams of ratings-obsessed network producers (can you say JonBenet?), why would this story go untold? Had Jesse Dirkhising been shot inside his Arkansas school, he would have been an immediate national news story. Had he been openly gay and his attackers heterosexual, the crime would have led all the networks. But no liberal media outlet would dare be the first to tell a grisly murder story which has as its villains two gay men.
The primary offender in this tale of politically correct self-censorship is the Associated Press, which waved the flag of the Shepard beating on its national wire for everyone to see. By contrast, the Dirkhising murder was never put on the national wire, and its local dispatches were 200-word puddles of colorless court reporting that suggested to editors this story was bound for Page B-17. Despite Dirkhising s death from what his killers implied was a “sex game" gone bad, AP never described them as gay men.
But you can bet that nearly every national media outlet that has now seen this story and tossed it in the garbage pail has in its newsroom a vocal caucus of gay and lesbian employees. Nearly every national media outlet sets up recruiting booths at the National Gay and Lesbian Journalists Association convention each year, and helps pay for the convention by placing cheerleading ads in the program. The NLGJA Web site has boasted of events with network anchors like Dan Rather.
Defamation, who told an early "One of the most important things youlL a those tough conversations with jounv^. < when it is completely inappropriate to radical group like the Family Research because of misguided notions of 'balance.' We offer them some more moderate voices, or c< them that there is no other side to these issu« are now in the position of being able to say, \ the high ground, we have the facts, and we doi to go one-on-one with these people.
Clearly, her censorious message is winning.
But the double standard here is much mor matching the hundreds of Shepard stories wi gaping silence on Dirkhising. The other ignored here is exposed right in the first paragraphs of Howard Price’s Washington Times story. David S a spokesman for the gay group calling itsel. “Human Rights Campaign,’ seemed to care little a the human rights of Jesse Dirkhising. “This has n ing to do with gay people. " he claimed, in complete regard of the facts.
This is the same “Human Rights Campaign" tl milks the Matthew Shepard murder as its most pow< ful fundraising tool, and that featured Shepard’s fan ly in its recent annual fundraising dinner. Moi importantly, this is the same “Human Rights Can paijpi” that led the national media by the nose to th ridiculous charge that Shepard was killed not by th< two strangers he followed out of a bar. but by Christiai conservatives who bought newspaper ads urging gay! to return to Christ.
Whatever becomes of the Jesse Dirkhising story —] and it looks like it’s headed right for Juanita Broad-drick limbo — you can bet that conservatives will not climb cn any national platform making absurd ciaimsi that he was killed by Ellen DeGeneres. Conservatives won’t indict the “Human Rights Campaign" for mua der for taking out newspaper ads for National Comini Out Day. But the burial of Jesse Dirkhising’s story alsfl buries the fact that the right cannot match the left fon poisonous incivility, reckless guilt by association, and ugly rhetorical excess.
You can bet that nearly every national media outlet	-----
hears the footsteps of a gav-left activist like Cathy	L. Brent Bozell III is chairman of the Media Research
Renna of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against	Center.
AND WE WONDER (OR NOT WONDER), WHY
Many people in this country, and in correspondence with other Israelites in other such countries around the world are concerned that our ethical, cultural and moral values are declining and deteriorating at an accelerated pace. Some wonder as to the underlying cause, while others seem to be oblivious (and blind?) as to what is happening in their nations, and around the world. The above article is a major contributor to the total problem. It does not make sense why the media will not reveal the truth of ’’politically incorrect” matters involving those who spurn, deny and detest Almighty God and His liJord. Is their attitude and plan to keep as many of the Israelite people as possible, in the dark? Most of our ’’blind" people have placed their trust, faith, and belief in the accuracy and rhetoric of the media. liJhen we investigate who dominates the various media sources, shouldn't we question WHY this has occurred? Is it not time to disregard the "slant” of what is being offered to us as "FACT"? While we acknowledge that the media is not totally to blame, it does bear a large and disproportionate degree of blame. When (not if), the Israelite people do awake, in this nation and others, and come to the realization of what has been done to them, we will see a veritable retribution where the streets will run with the blood of the ungodly.
PAGE 3
January 2000: Volume 11, Number 1
«\ristian Israelite
ROLE MODELS
STEPHEN CONTRADO 1? Park Avenue, Hull, HA 02045
Paul wanted to teach the Thessolonians to work hard to serve God. But he did not lecture to them. Instead, ! tie wuld not accept food from anyone without paying for it. When he needed money to get by he did not lay a guilt trip on the Thessolonians nor promise them that giving him money would insure their salvation. But he worked hard. He showed them firsthand how they should go about securing the needs of the church ministry. Paul said, "Ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were [Acts 20:341. In time, however, Godfs word became a money-making profession. Paul asked people only to contribute what they could, (see 1 Corinthians 16*1-2).
If the mainstream churches today, would follow Paul’s example by becoming worthy of respect, they would be behaving in a Christian way. Wake yourself the image of what you believe in order a role model that others may follow your example, (see 2 Thessolonians 3:7-9). Benjamin Franklin apparently shared Paul’s values. When he saw he benefits of street lighting to make Philadelphia a safer place, he hung a beautiful lantern outside of his own door. He polished it well, and lit the wick every evening at dusk. People could see Franklin’s light a long way off each night as they sought their destinations. Soon, neighbors placed lanterns outside their doors, one after another, and shortly thereafter the city was dotted with lights.
Our actions speak louder than words. What others see, they copy. When they are exposed to righteousness, unat they imitate is right. David said, "Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright...*1 [Psalm 37:37].
Everyone should set a good example for others. No one snould undermine confidence in our people and in our faith by patronizing non-white and heathen institutions and practices, nor by cherishing materialistic ambitions. We were ordained to be a special people. Christ Jesus said, **Ye are the light of the world” [Matthew 5*14].
And above all, we should look to Jesus for guidance. The Bible warns us over and over again in every way, "Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil” [Exodus 23:2]. It advises us, "Lift up a standard for the people” [Isaiah 62:10].
This is not to say that only actions, not words, count. Even our attitudes can set an example that is easily passed on. So let your every word be full of confidence in Yahweh's power. A Latin chant says ”De«-tera Domini fecit virtutam, Dextera Domini exaltavlt we: non mortar, aed vivam, at nerrabo opera Domini” (The right hand of the Lord works a wonder, the right hand of the Lord exalted me: I shall not die, but live to tell of the Lord's great works).
A PUZZLE
Find the Hidden 16 Books
I ONCE MADE A REMARK ABOUT THE HIDDEN BOOKS OF THE BIBLE. IT WAS A REAL LULU, KEEPING PEOPLE LOOKING FOR FACTS. IT WAS REALLY QUITE A REVELATION. SOME WERE IN A JAM, ESPECIALLY SINCE THE NAMES OF BOOKS WERE NOT CAPITALIZED, BUT THE TRUTH FINALLY STRUCK HOME TO NUMBERS OF READERS. TO OTHERS, IT WAS REALLY A JOB. WE WANT IT TO BE A MOST FASCINATING FEW MOMENTS FOR YOU. YES, THERE WILL BE SOME REALLY EASY ONES TO SPOT. OTHERS MAY REQUIRE JUDGES TO HELP THEM. I WILL QUICKLY ADMIT, IT USUALLY TAKES A MINISTER TO FIND ONE OF THE BOOKS AND THERE WILL BE A LOUD LAMENTATIONS WHEN IT IS FOUND. A LITTLE LADY SAYS SHE BREWS A CUP OF TEA SO SHE CAN CONCENTRATE BETTER. SEE HOW WELL YOU CAN COMPETE. RELAX NOW, FOR THERE ARE SIXTEEN NAMES OF THE BOOKS IN THE BIBLE IN THIS STORY. (TAKE NOTE: ONE PREACHER FOUND 15 BOOKS WITHIN 20 MINUTES, BUT IT TOOK HIM THREE WEEKS TO FIND THE SIXTEENTH ONE!)
(Please see Page 4 for the answers)
VCI Commentary
Please note that we did not publish a December issue of The Virginia Christian Israelite. We are in the process of doing a system upgrade, and other extenuating circumstances did not allow sufficient time to produce a newsletter during this period. We will be testing our production and mailing systems in the months ahead.
BE SURE TO CHECK THE EXPIRATION DATE ON YOUR MAILING LABEL. Anything listed as 1/00 or earlier means that this is your last issue of this newsletter. Due to our mailing quantities, we are depending upon a machine readout of dates. We must hear from on or before the date indicated, informing us of your wish to continue receiving our materials.
We printed and distributed over 500 sets of the "Pro-ject Megiddo” report and the two accompanying pieces, as mentioned in the November newsletter. Barring some unforeseen circumstance, we will not reprint these documents due to the high production and mailing costs.
A note to those incarcerated Christian Israelites who receive this newsletter and other materials. We do not place any charge for receipt of this newsletter and any other materials that would be considered of religious education and instruction. We consider anything related to God's Word not to be "salable” materials. On the other hand, we had a sizable number of requests from Inmates for the "Project Megiddo" papers which could not be considered as materials from the Word of God. In light of the expenses involved, and in accord with the operational mandates of VCI, we are not able to provide copies* We regret the denials of your requests.
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 4
ANSWERS AND CLUES - THE HIDDEN IB BOOKS (from Page 3) [Listed in the order that they appear]
1% MARK (remark )
2. LUKE (lulut keeping)
3* KINGS (looking so hard)
6.	ACTS (facts)
5. REVELATIONS (revelation, some)
5* JAMES (a jam, especially)
7.	RUTH (truth)
8* NUMBERS (no clue needed)
9* JOB (no clue needed)
10* AMOS (a most fascinating)
11.	ESTHER (yes, there)
12.	JUDGES (no clue needed)
13.	TITUS (admit it usually)
14.	LAMENTATIONS (no clue needed)
15.	HEBREWS (she brews)
16.	PETER (Compete. Relax)
Terrorism or Propaganda Smoke?
HEPITY HOFMANN, Virginia Christian Israelites
Recently there has been significant coverage in both the print and broadcast media about the suspected infiltration into this country by "alleged” Algerian terrorists, some even supposedly carrying hundreds of pounds of explosives across the Canadian border. Surely this is some plan by governmental operatives and agencies to strike fear into the hearts and minds of our people for some scurrilous purpose and intent.
Supposedly, customs authorities arrested an Algerian national coming into this country via ferry from Vancouver, Canada, carrying several hundreds of pounds of an explosive. Really, are we supposed to believe that an Algerian with the name of "Ammad" or "Abdul" would even consider such a venture? If this is the limit of the mental intellect of "Ammad," then we are dealing ^ith fools and idiots - not professionals. A professional would supposedly have a passport from some anglo nation and would use an anglo name, and would obtain any and all explosives from within the United States.
Either the level of foreign terrorists has reached an all-time low, or various operatives of our government are promoting such terrorist allegations for some deviant reason, or, could it be that some world-wide organization opposed to U,S. policies and supporting a near east ministate is stirring up the terrorist broth? | don't know for sure which is the main inetigator, but if you seriously think about the whole matter, you will find many flaws in what is being reported.
And of course, after reeding the FBI's "Project Megiddo" report, we have serious concerns about who and what they actually represent. We used to have great respect for America's premier investigative organization, but now rate them in a class with Barney Fife of Mayoury'f Police Dept, Are they "controliecf by the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center? Consider it well!
There are only TWO religions in the worlds thtf the FALSE. All phases of false religion are fclnl all say: "Something in my hand I bring." THIS ference between them being as to what the is. The TRUE religion sayss "Nothing ihflH bring."
CAIN, a tiller of the ground. The good crops of charitable deeds was the "something" in his hand. Man's good works of many codes, rituals, degrees - all splintering into the hundreds of church denominations, cults, civic clubs, lodges - a rough and broad way, (See: Genesis 4:2-5).
ABEL, a keeper of sheep. The Ever-Living Almighty made and caused the sheep to grow. Thus "nothing" ii his hand; "But with the precious blood of Jesus Christ as of a lamb without blemish and spot;" to accept froi the Father the robe of Righteousness and the Ring o Reconciliation - a smooth and narrow way. (See 1 Pete 1:19).
The pathology or progression of SINs (1) Pride o life; (2) Lust of the eye? (3) Lust of the flesh. "The when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin, whe it is finished, bringeth forth death." (James 1:15).
The Roman Road for the Believer's Salvations "As i is written. There is none righteous, no, not one. (Romans 3:10)
"For all have sinned, and come short of the glory o God," (Romans 3:23)
"Wherefore, as by one man [Adam] sin entered inti the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upor all men, for that all have sinned." (Romans 5:12)
"For the wages of sin is death? but the gift of Goc is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." (Romans 6:23)
"But God convnandeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." (Romans 5:8)
"That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation." (Romans 10:9-10)
"For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lordl shall bs saved." (Romans 10:13)
• » * *
00 YOU HEAR THE MASTER'S VOICE?
"My sheep hear my voles, and I know them, and they
follow me: And I give unto them eternal life; and thay shall navar perish, neither shall any I man pluck tham out of my hand."
John 10:27-28
jr
laraallta
PAGE 5
January 2000: Volume 11, Number 1

W
No Redemption Without Blood
Submitted by brother Briley Rorrison, V.C.I.
The Ever-living Almighty Spirit is "a consuming fire" that destroys all evil before him* The Ever-living Almighty Spirit does not forgive sin and evil doers - nor the fallen and doomed white Adamic race* Deuteronomy 4:24: "For the Lord thy God is a consum-
(ing fire, even a jealous God,” [also read Deuteronomy 9:3-6]*
Hebrews 12:29: "For our God is a consuming fire." Jesus Christ, the manifestation of the Ever-living in the flesh, is the Son, the Supreme Person, the Word* Jesus Christ took the believer*s sin upon himself and bore the punishment of the consuming flame, in the believer*s place, and was victorious over Death* His shed blood on the high altar of the world at Calvary, a fearful price, puts a propitiatory covering which blots out the believer*s sin, shame, and lust. Thus the believer stands before the Ever-living Almighty as though he had never sinned at all - and lives. See Romans 3:25 and 1 John 2:2-4; 4:10.
There are 439 verses in the Old and New Testaments that mention the word **blood.*' Listed below are a few verses that refer to the blood of Jesus Christ.
Luke 22:44: **And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground.**
John 19:34: "But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came out blood and water."
Matthew 26:28: "For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins."
Romans 5:9: "Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him."
Ephesians 1:7: "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace."
Colossians 1:14: "In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins."
Colossians 1:2Q? "And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven."
Hebrews 9:12: "Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by hie i£gs blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for ue."
Hebrews 9:14: "How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?"
Hebrews 9:22: "And almost ail things are by the law purged with blood; and without tfsdding of blood is no
remission,*
Hebrews 13:12I "Wherefore Jssus also, that he might
sanctify the people with his awn blood, suffered without the gate."
Peter 1:18-19: "Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers; But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot."
1^ John 1:7: "But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin."
1_ John 5:6-8: "This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth. For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Spirit; and these three are one. And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one"
Revelation 1:5: "And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood?
Revelation 5:9: "And they sung a new song, saying. Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God, by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation."
Revelation 7:14: "And I said unto him. Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me. These are they which came out of the great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb."
Revelation 12:11: "And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony: and they loved not their lives unto the death."
Exodus 12:5-7:"Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year...and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. And they shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door post of the houses,..."
Exodus 12:13: "And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt."
And finally, we could consider the following verses of Scripture. From Numbers 32:33, we read .behold, ye have sinned against the Lord: and be sure your sin will find you out." This can be balanced out by the words found in John 1:29i "...Behold the Lamb of God, khich taketh away the sin of the world."
As Paul tells us in Hebrews 9:22, "without the shedding of blood is no remission." In the Old Testament, countless animal sacrifices were made. In the New Testament, the shed blood of Jesus Christ covered all of our sins and there is no need for any further blood sacrifices.
PAGE 6
It* vtroini* Chrl.ti«n Isowlil*
An Anxious State of Mind
PHILLIP NUHO, Virginia Christian Israelites
As disciples of Jesus Christ, our lives here on earth are put pilgrimages into His perfect image* This oath is s narrow one in which we are in a constant state of spiritual warfare. In his second letter to the Corinthians, Paul gives us some good insight into the spiritual war in which we are engaged*
^or though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh: (For the weapons of our warfare a|S not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds); Casting down laaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing ilito captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ" hot3-5].
Our spiritual melee is not carried out on a physical plane but a mental one. The battlefield of life is in H Binds. Any imagination, reason, or logic that is contrary to	the	knowledge of God should	immediately	be
cast out of	our	minds* We are to strive	to always keep
every thought in line with God's will as our minds are renewed by the truth which is in Christ Jesus [Ephesians 4:20-23 and Romans 12:1-2]. The discipline of a disciple of Jesus Christ begins in the mind* Our winds should	be	focused inwardly on the	convictions	of
the Word of	God	in the heart in order	to be able	to
walk by faith. Being a disciple of Jesus Christ most definitely involves thou^it control!
"finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report: if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things" [Phil. 4:8].
As Christians we are to think of virtuous things tnat are good and productive. While all true followers of Christ surely strive to do this, there are things wr<ich can definitely disrupt a virtuous mentality. One of tne most disruptive and nonproductive problems that we all face from time to time, is anxiety.
The word "anxiety" is defined as, "painful uneasiness of wind" and "earnest desire." More often than not, when we experience anxiety we describe it as "worrying." The primary definition of worry is "to shake and wangle with the teeth;" so to describe an anxious state of mind as "worrying" is very appropriate Decause it does seam "to shake and wangle" our minds* Tne King James Version of the Holy Bible uses the words "care" and "take thought" to describe an anxious Of worrisome state of mind* The Greek noun to describe this state of mind it "msrimna" (Strong* s 5308)» end the verb is "merimneo" (Strong's 3309)# Msrimna is described "to drew in different directions, distract, wee siyiifying "that which causes this, • csrs, especially an anxious cars." The verb "merimneo" means,
"to
be anxious about, g *\
H
$
s
I
LJ
It
h aj u
toj 3
<p tQ
Of * (*»
If
0
(Vine's Expository Dictionary*'**
A good example of someone k mind is Martha when she served $$3
mgJ* c if oJ? is & 61
I |/| I vS* S
\‘H
4J\
9
i *	£	1
® ** -S
ft!
0)
B

i S -+* a z
a W L ^ <n “f >• «
mb '*1
to 4J
& *sf\
V
at her house. "Martha had a sister also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his was cumbered about much serving, and came	S;
said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister me to serve alone? Bid her therefore that she he\^v And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, thou art careful (anxious, worried) and troubled abo^,
many things."
To help get a clear picture of the cause of hex anxiety we have to imagine what she was going hroughl To begin with, she had a house full of con^any’ wasn't just any company, it was Jesus,^ ^	’
along with His disciples. She had a big J° ° hands because she had to cook and prepare oo everybody there. Plus, being a good hostess, as sure she was, she was probably cleaning and straigh en ing everything up as she went. There's no doubt she had her hands full. It's not that she was doing too much at one time but along with having a lot to do she had an anxious mentality about doing it, that is, she
.	-	m a	II	1_ * J_	^ ^	T*
her mind from the most important thing - hearing the Ward. I don't think that there's too many of us who hasn't experienced this state of mind at one time or another, life get busy trying to get something done and get so focused on it that we take our eyes off the most important thing in life - God's Ilford.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God [Romans 10:17]. An anxious state of mind distracts our attention to where we don't hear the Word. In the parable of the sower, Jesus metaphorically describes aspiring Christians who have anxious mentalities as those who receive the "seed" (the liiord) among "thorns" (cares, anxieties, worries), and these "thorns" choke the Word to where it doesn't become fruitful [Matthew 13:22; Mark 4:19; Luke 8:14]. In Luke 21:34, Jesus also warns His disciples that "cares" (anxieties, worries) are one of the things which could distract and cause hem to be unaware of the day of destruction that was coming to Jerusalem. The same principle of this warning also applies to us.
In the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus instructs His disciples against being anxious for their lives [Matthew 6:24-34; Luke 12:22-32]. In Matthew 6, Jesus begins His discourse with the statement, "No man can serve two masters," i.e., "Ye cannot serve God and mammon" (verse 24). Our service can not be divided between obeying the desire of God as expressed by His Word and the demands of worldly riches. He then instructs, "Therefore I say unto you. Tike no thought (care, anxiety, worry) for your life" (verse 25). This is not a request, it is a commend that wee made because of the fact that our service cannot be divided between God end another, lite
cannot hear and obey His Word when our minds are discontinued on Page ?]
PAGE 7
January 2000: Volume 11, Muntoer
if i H
m ^ «? $
S iS ^
i Jp &
$ S mam? sL»
g "	.	-.
ciirisrtian Israel it*
’•imoiB STATt CF WTO [Continued from Page B]
the warries of the ear Id. His instruction
eoeinst worrying goes on to be directed toward the verv necessities of life itself: "What ye shall eat, what ve shall drink, nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on.” In essence. His instructions are to not worry about anything in life, even to the barest necessities like food, drink, and clothing. He asks the question, "which of you by taking thought (worry, anxiety^ can add one cubit unto his stature?” (verse 27). In other words, ”can you change anything by worrying about it?” Obviously, the answer is no. So not only is anxiety and worry a distraction from where our attention should be, it's also a waste of time. He goes on to say that our ”Heavenly Father knows that ye have need of these things” (verse 32), and then commands, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness," with the promise, ”and all these things shall be added unto you.” This can in no way be interpreted to mean that we can go through life in an irresponsible manner expecting Him to supply our needs. In sincerely seeking His Kingdom and His righteousness we will automatically be faithful with what He brings to us. As we pursue His will in all things we can look to Him to supply our needs. Jesus finally tells us, "Take no thought (anxiety, worry) for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof” (verse 34). In a nutshell He's saying, "Don't worry about tomorrow, be faithful and deal with today."
Peter tells us in his first letter, "Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God...casting all your care (worry, anxiety) upon him; for he careth for you" [1 Peter 5:6-7]. The first time the word appears in Peter's instruction is from the Greek word "merimna," which means anxiety and worry. The second time the word "care" appears, it is from the Greek word "melo," which means, "to be of interest to; i.e. to concern" (Strong's 3199). Vile are to cast our worries and anxieties on Him because He is concerned and interested in us.
In conclusion, when we are in an anxious state of mind and spend our time worrying over things, our service to God is greatly hindered, actually, we can not serve Him really at all when we're busy worrying about other stuff because we are distracted from Him. Anxious and worrisome thoughts are some of those strongholds in our minds that must be cast down [2 Corinthians 10:3] if the word within us is to bear any fruit at all (Mark 4:19].
* N # * »
TOTAL SURRENDER Let us give up our work, our thoughts, our plans, ourselves, our lives, our loved ones, our influence, our all, right into His hand, and then, when we have given all over to Him, there will be nothing left for us to be troubled about or to make trouble about.
Revival and Oar Political Icons
On page 2 of this issue of The Virginia Christian Israelite is a paragraph entitled, "And We Wonder (Or Not Wonder), Why.” Perhaps another major part of the problems that we are encountering can be attributed to the leaders that we have elected to guide and lead this nation. While we have exhausted all doubts relative to President Bill Clinton and his values, there is a lot of question on the legislative branch of government -the U.S. Congress. I therefore thought it particularly enlightening when the following was reported by commentator Paul Harvey on his program of January 4, 2000.
Of all of the members of the U.S. Congress (Senate and House of Representatives) the following number of members have been involved in the listed infractions.
29 have been accused of spousal abuse 7 have been arrested for fraud 19 have been accused of writing bad checks
117 have bankrupted at least two businesses 3 have been arrested for assault 71 can't get a credit card due to bad credit rating 14 have been arrested on drug related charges 9 have been arrested for shoplifting 21 are currently defendants in lawsuits
And, in 1998, 84 of these distinguished individuals were stopped for drunk driving.
If this is the caliber of the individuals who we have elected to lead us, can there be any wonder why we are in the state which we find ourselves in? And the above numbers do not include other morally offensive conduct such as extra-marital affairs, abuse of office employees, and probably many other infractions for which they have not as yet been caught.
We hear from some Christians and Christian leaders that we need to enter into a "revival," but instead of just aimlessly pronouncing such rhetoric, we should make a list of "targets” and then work to replace those who for reasons of personal profit, self-greed, or just plain stupidity, cannot function within the moral laws.
Without attempting to be redundant, may I point out that Yahweh our God has given us the guidelines and instructions that we need when He spoke to Solomon in 2 Chronicles 7:14:
"If My people, which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways: then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land."
There are no uncertainties in this verse - it is a simple straightforward instruction, and you surely don't need a Ph.D. degree to comprehend what is stated by the Almighty, and what we, as His people, must do. Until we can bring ourselves, as a people and a nation, to abida by ths Word of God, humbling ourselves, praying in a sincere manner, seeking Yahweh's face, and moat definitely "turning from our wicked ways," nothing will happen to improve our lot.
The Vircrinia Christian Israelite
PAGE 8
A False Peace and at What Price?
CHUCK KUHLER, Virginia Christian Israelites
Ule are encountering another "round" in the seemingly endless mid-£ast peace talks that have been ongoing for these past many decades. This particular one is being held between the Israeli*s [see Revelation 2:9 and 3:9] iiid the Syrians, with our President and Secretary-of-State acting as mediators, and is a short few miles from here in the little village of Shepherdstown, West Virginia.
We truly wonder at the efforts of these ’’talks” as they appear to be like the tree that beareth no fruit. We have witnessed the Camp David accords, the Helsinki accords, the Oslo Peace Conference, the Wye River talks of last year and now the Shepherdstown Peace Talks, and I an sure that I have missed some other such meetings. It appears that President Clinton, for the sake of his "legacy" is determined to have "peace” at any and all costs (ask the Serbians about this). I am not against peace, but I question the cost factor. Every time we have these sessions, and so long as the Israeli is involved, it costs the American taxpayers billions of dollars. It appears that the Zionists have refined legalized "extortion" to a fine line, and when those extortionists are involved, we had better keep a hand on our wallets. In addition to the hundreds of billions of dollars in direct and militsry aid, the Israeli have obtained additional tens of billions as a result of "concessions" over the years.
My question is: "why do we, as a nation, have to pay for the Zionist’s benefits?" In this current negotiation in Shepherdstown, one of the major items on the agenda is the territory known as the Golan Heights, formerly a part of Syria, which the Israeli seized in the 1967 war (some 33 years ago). The Israeli is willing to return it to Syria for some guarantees on the part of the Syrians, AND some AO billion dollars of American taxpayer moneys to pay for the resettlement of Jews living in the Golan Heights region (this equates to almost $750,ODD per Jewish family). Why are these funds our responsibility? More Jewish extortion!
Peace is in truth a delusion. In the past 2,000 years, there have been only a total of 6 years where true peace has existed. Not a very impressive percentage. I don’t believe that man is at all capable of achieving a true peace. Paul, in his first letter to the Thessalonians tells us: "For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction comath upon then..." When are we going to learn that "peace" cannot be bought, just as true friends cannot be bought. The Israeli have been selling our military secrets and hardware, given to them, to the Red Chinese.•.and these are our friends? The Israeli are supposed to be the only "democratic friends" we have in the middle East, and | would ask with friends like these, we do not need enemies.
*tr
%
Y
%
Y
January 2oo$k £
\ ■
Additionally, I have noticed many jaSL individuals in this American nation who cerned on the separation of "church and state^v especially when it relates to Christianity ancj^Tfv tian matters. Why then, I might ask, should we aln
nation (state) provide funds to the Israeli (religion)?
+ + + +
Last year, at the height of the Monica Lewinski scandal, President Clinton ordered the destruction of a "chemical weapons" factory in the nation of the Sudan. Well, according to the establishment media, we made a little mistake...the only chemical being manufactured was common "aspirin" and other strictly medical compounds. This was in reality, "an act of war, which diverted attention from the Monica-Clinton scandal. Independent investigations as well as a United Nations investigation confirmed our error. What would we do, if the Sudan had blown up one of our pharmaceutical companies., .just who is the terrorist party in this instance?
+ + + +
The recent conflict in Yugoslavia, where this nation bombed and send missiles into Serbia over the province of Kosovo has now reached the international court meeting in the Hague. The contention of many nations seems to be if the leaders of Serbia have been indicted for war crimes, then the leaders of NATO, including our President Clinton should also be indicted for war crimes for the killing of civilians. The media statements over the tens of thousands of ethnic Albanians who were supposedly killed, has now been proven to be false. A few graves have been found containing a few hundred people, but there were obviously no mass graves ever found. If you notice, the media has been very quiet on this subject. Not only did we expend our large stockpile of cruise missiles, but we managed to reduce our inventory of bombs. In addition, recent reports coming out of this region indicate that the Albanians and the Kosovo Liberation Army have been exacting a brutal reprisal against Serbian men, women, and children. Strange that we haven't heard very much about this in the establishment media. The Serbians are Christians, and the ethnic Albanians are Moslems. This religious conflict between Christians and Moslems has been continuing for the past 800+ years. It does not matter what the terms of the Dayton (Ohio) accord were (another so-called "peace" effort). We are pouring money into the region in an attempt to secure some kind of peace, and it is only a plug in the dike.
+ + + +
We do not want to forget our "efforts" in Northern Ireland. Former Senator Mitchell and President Clinton are touting the success of our efforts there. It does remain to be seen if "peace" is a lasting effort, or if it is another false peace which will deteriorate as the Sein Fein people resort to continued violence. We do not know as yet how much this "peace effort" will cost the American taxpayers. And we have not spoken on all other peace initiatives - all without Jesus Christ,
* m rn fUF *T $ V* ^ <r N

Rie
H COVENANT me
PAGE 9
January 2000: Volume 11/ Number 1
SSENGER, Fellowship of God's Covenant People, Terrace Park, Ohio
*2K doomsdayers
Pastor Don Elmore
Fellowship of God's Covenant People
Terrace Park, Ohio 45174
For the last several years many influential Christian ministries have been proclaiming doom and gloom associated with the upcoming Y2K computer problem. These doomsayers have spread fear and fright to a large number of people. Many have even advocated leaving “to go to the hills” to avoid the new year calamity.
They claim that the Y2K problem is so enormous and complex and the time to fix it so short (this is being written on December 28th) that it is insurmountable. They envision the collapse of the stock market, the failure of the banking system, power outages, distribution disruptions, numerous airplane crashes, social riots, etc.
Here is a sampling of a few of their gloomy predictions:
GARY NORTH.
DON MCALVANY:
GRANT JEFFREY:
DR. JAMES KENNEDY:
LARRY BURKETT:
R.C. SPROUL.
HAL LINSEY:
JERRY FALWELL:
Predicts that the new year will bring famine, pestilence, failure of the public heath system, the demise of the judicial system and public school system, and the worse collapse of all time of the banking system.
The worse collapse of the U.S. stock market in history (a 90% decline) and major electrical blackouts.
The worse global crisis since World War II.
Warned that the Y2K bug is a dark cloud that “is going ) to catch the unprepared and drench them like they have
jt
never been drenched.”
Predicts an economic collapse: one out of four small business and 3 out of 20 major corporations to fail. Wrote that we may experience “the meltdown of civilization with one billion fatalities — the end of the world as we know it.”
Indicated that Russia’s nuclear missiles might be launched due to the computer problems caused by Y2K. Urged viewers of his $28 video to stockpile food, water, gasoline, and ammunition.
But 1 guess the disastrous scenarios outlined by the above doomsayers and others like them are right in line with the confusion and misunderstandings of the upcoming January 1st. For January 1, 2000 is NOT the beginning of a new millennium but the last year of the present millennium. And, in addition, because of a miscalculation by the monk who redated the Roman calendar from the year of the founding of Rome to the year of the birth of Jesus, the year 2000 A.D. should have been celebrated several years ago!
But doomsayers never stop, they just go on finding new future gloom and doom events.