Hl&b

Ml NEWSUTTTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Box 109 • Round Hill, Virginim 20142	^__

Scotland
DECEMBER 2002: Volume 13, Number 12 "Our 16th year of serving Yahweh our Sod"
•Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall tile children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]

2002: THE YEAR IN REVIEW
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
It is not often that 1 spend time to review the year that is about to come to an end, preferring instead to look forward to the new year and the work and efforts that we are about to engage in But there were some items of special interest in 2002 which should be of interest to the remnant
The Roman Church was exposed worldwide in hundreds of cases of child abuse The key word herein is "exposed," as there have been allegations for centuries of child abuse and sexual
A-nr*i iKaca	pc p nart	th«“tr
uAikrvviiwwvt ai	vliwurW v* ilv	WillAw mJCL* *	vl lilvii
ritual Certainly this exposure has hurt the largest so-called Christian church with reduced contributions and a lesser falling away by members. But for many who are still-blinded, they don't know where else to turn. This church scandal is not over and will continue into 2003.
As with the alleged Y2K threat, this year we had the "planet X* scam While I do agree that there is some catastrophic event on the far horizon, I was not convinced that the "planet X" saga was the event in question. As this was supposed to materialize in May of 2003, by this time, we should have been able to view this cosmic body We are more concerned with the idea of a polar shift as magma is moving within the earth and magnetic north has been shifting Then there is also the disruption of the earth which is building a super dome of volcanic materials beneath Yellowstone Park and the eruption of which would be cause for catastrophic consequences The "planet X" concept is still a viable matter but the date of May 2003 appears to be a serious error
The Bush administration has been gearing up for a war with Iraq although many reasonable people don't know why What has Iraq done that Israel, India, Pakistan, North Korea, and possibly others have also done? Perhaps it is that Iraq is close to Israel and the Talmudists would like jig to do something about this matter The Israeli is the prime reason for most of the problems in the world, and if they would cease their expansion plans and end their terrorist actions against the Palestinians, the much united peace effort would be closer to success
The immigration policy (or should 1 say non-policy) of the United States is allowing illegal undocumented (another slip of the politically correct tongue) to flood this nation, costing
billions of dollars, with the possibility of a future amnesty taking place in 2003. Nobody seems to care if these people are violating the laws. The prophet Isaiah in 59:19-20 has this to say: "...when the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him. And the Redeemer shall come to Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression on Jacob, saith the LORD. ” The enemy is coming at a flood tide today. The prophet Isaiah also provides some
fr>rorrnotiAn in 1 2 - 1 ^ . 1 A vi^Kan Ko	7
AUV*iUWllUJ lillvIlliiUSlVll iii 1	. 1 J A V V« iiVJi ilv	i	riv#	WU'	v	A
will shake heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of His fierce anger. And it shall be as the chased roe,and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land." With all of the influx of non-Israelite peoples into the land, how long can the land produce and the remnant survive.
There has been a noticeable increase of people coming to the knowledge of Scriptural truth in 2002. Many are seeking answers to questions that the establishment churches cannot provide due to their rigid adherence to the "traditions of man " It is the responsibility of all of our people to spread and proclaim the Kingdom message and to back up their contentions and allegations with holy writ. We have been reaching out through all venues in the education of our peoples and with the blessing and the grace of Yahweh the Almighty, we will continue to do so in the forthcoming year and for additional years to come
May you continue strong in your faith, may Yahweh our God bless you and grant you health and wisdom in the years ahead With the blessings, may 2003 be a banner year, in spite of what you may consider to be adverse conditions May Yahweh lead you in the paths of righteousness for His names sake, and may you reflect in a creditable and commendable way as you labor for the sake of Christ Jesus
We would further like to thank all who have aided us in a volunteer capacity and with financial support Our work would not be possible without you
God does answer prayer...Are you listening?

The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / December 2002: Volume 13, Numb
THE TALMUD ON CHRISTIANS
There are not too many Christians who have a knowledge of the Jewish Talmud and what it has to say about Christians and Christianity in general There are many, especially in the official and media ranks who continue to spout that there is this new religion referred to as Judeo-Christianity. Many Christians suppose that the Talmud is nothing more than the Jewish equivalent of our Bible. In essence, the "Books of Moses" which include Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy and which are referred to as a group as the Pentateuch are to be found in theTorah. But the Torah has been long-ago replaced as the main book of Judaism by the Talmud. There have been several versions of the Talmud, but the foremost in the eyes of Judaism is the Babylonian Talmud which originated during the 70-year stint of Judah in the Babylonian captivity.
The Talmud is also referred to as "the traditions of the elders" and came into being because the Jewish captives refused to abide by God’s law as found in the Torah, and thus sought to find "legal" means of circumventing the Torah. In the Torah and the Bible there are numerous times in which we read, "And God said..." We never find this in the Talmud where we are introduced to the "traditions of the elders" and we find, "Rabbi so-and-so said...” In these instances, a rabbi takes authority over the Almighty to determine what is right and what is wrong.
"The Talmud Unmasked. The Secret Rabbinical Teachings Concerning Christians." was written by Rev. I. B. Pranaitis, Master of Theology and Professor of the Hebrew Language at the Imperial Ecclesiastical Academy of the Roman Catholic Church in Old St. Petersburg, Russia. The Rev. Pranaitis was the greatest of the students of the Talmud. His complete command of the Hebrew language qualified him to analvze the Talmud as few men in history.
The Rev. Pranaitis scrutinized the Talmud for passages referring to Jesus, Christians and the Christian faith. These passages were translated by him into Latin. Hebrew lends itself to translation into Latin better than it does directly into English. The translation of the passages of the Talmud referring to Jesus, Christians and Christian faith were printed in Latin by the Imperial Academy of Sciences in St. Petersburg in 1893 with the Imprimatur of his Archbishop. The translation from the Latin into English was made by great Latin scholars in the United States in 1939 with funds provided by wealthy Americans for the purpose.
In order not to leave any loose ends on the subject of the Talmud's reference to Jesus, to Christians and to the Christian faith I will below summarize translations into English from the Latin texts of Rev Pranaitis' "The Talmud Unmasked. The Secret Rabbinical Teachings Concerning Christians." It would require too much space to quote these passages verbatim with their foot-notes from the Soncino Edition in English.
First 1 will summarize the references by Rev. Pranaitis referring to Jesus in the Talmud in the original texts translated by him into Latin, and from Latin into English
Sanhedrin, 67a — Jesus referred to as the son of Pandira, a soldier
Kalla h, lb. (ISb) — Illegitimate and conceived during menstruation
Sanhedrin, 67a •» Hanged on the eve of Passover Toldath Jeschu Birth related in most shameful expressions
Abbodab Zarah II — Referred to as the son of Pandira, a Roman soldier
er
Schabbath XIV - Again referred the Roman
tne Roman.	or	•	&
Sanhedrin, 43a — On the eve of	>
Jesus.	f	/
Schabbath, 104b -- Called a fool and no one (j $ to fools.	■/	W	2*	t
Toldoth Jeschu
Judas and Jesus engaged in £ & filth.	^	$
Sanhedrin, 103a. — Suggested that he corrupts hi*o' S\ and dishonors self.	^
Sanhedrin, 107b. - Seduced, corrupted and destr^ <
Israel.	'IPJBu
Zohar m, (282) - Died like a beast and buried in animah
dirt heap.
Hiikoth Melakliim - Attempted to prove Christians err ii
worship of Jesus
Abhodah Zarah, 21a — Reference to worship of Jesus ii homes unwanted.
Orach Chaiim, 113 — Avoid appearance of paying respeci to Jesus.
lore dea, 150,2 — Do not appear to pay respect to Jesus by accident.
Abhodah Zarah (6a) — False teachings to worship on first day of Sabbath.
The above are a few selected from a very complicated arrangement in which many references are obscured by intricate reasoning. The following are a few summarized references to Christians and the Christian faith although not always expressed in exactly that manner. There are eleven names used in the Talmud for non-Talmud followers, by which Christians are meant. Besides Nostrim, from Jesus the Nazarene, Christians are called by all the names used in the Talmud to designate all non-"Jews": Minim, Edom, Abhodan Zarah, Akum, Obhde Elilim, Nokrim, Amme Haarets, Kuthim, Apikorosim, and Giom. Besides supplying the names by which Christians are called in the Talmud, the passages quoted below indicate what kind of people the Talmud pictures the Christians to be, and what the Talmud says about the religious worship of Christians
Hilkhoth Maakhaloth — Christians are idolators, must not associate.
Abhodah Zarah (22a) — Do not associate with gentiles, they shed blood.
lore Dea (153, 2). — Must not associate with Christians, shed blood.
Abhodah Zarah (25b). — Beware of Christians when walking abroad with them.
Orach Chaiim (20, 2). — Christians disguise themselves to kill Jews.
Abhodah Zarah (15b) — Suggest Christians have sex relations with animals.
Abhodah Zarah (22a) — Suspect Christians of intercourse with animals.
Schabbath (145b) — Christians unclean because they eat accordingly
Abhodah Zarah (22b) — Christians unclean because they not at Mount Sinai
lore Dea (198, 48). — Clean female Jews contaminated meeting Christians
Kerithuth (6b p. 78) — Jews called men, Christians not called men
((Continued on Toge 3
I
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 3 / December 2002: Volume 13, Number 12
m
a

ON CHRISTIANS (Continuedfrom Page 2) ftKkoth (7b) — Innocent of murder if intent was to kill ^>rtri$tian
Orach Chaiim(225, 10) — Christians and animals grouped for comparisons
Midrasch Talpioth 225 -- Christians created to minister to Jews always.
Orach Chaiim 57, 6a — Christians to be pitied more than sick pigs.
Zahar n (64b) — Christian idolators likened to cows and asses
kethuboth (110b). — Psalmist compares Christians to undean beasts.
Sanhedrin (74b). Tos. — Sexual intercourse of Christian like that of beast.
Kethuboth (3b) — The seed of Christian is valued as seed of beast
Kidduschim (68a) — Christians like the people of an ass.
Eben Haezar (44,8) -- Marriages between Christian and Jews null
Zohar (IL, 64b) — Christian birth rate must be diminished materially.
Zohar (1, 28b) — Christian idolators children of Eve's serpent.
Zohar (I, 131a) — Idolatrous people (Christians) befoul the world.
Emek Haschanach( 17a) — Non-Jews' souls come from death and death's shadow.
Zohar (L, 46b, 47a) — Souls of gentiles have unclean divine origins.
Rosch Haschanach(17a) -- Non-Jews souls go down to
hell
lore Dea (337, 1). — Replace dead Christians like lost cow or ass.
Iebhammoth (61a) — Jews called men, but not Christians called men
Abhodah Zarah (14b) T — Forbidden to sell religious works to Christians
Abhodah Zarah (78) — Christian churches are places of idolatry
lore Dea (142, 10) — Must keep far away physically from churches
lore Dea (142, 15) — Must not listen to church music or look at idols
lore Dea (143,1) — Must not rebuild homes destroyed near churches.
Hflkoth Abb. Zar (10b) — Jews must not resell broken chalices to Christians
Cbutlin (91b) — Jews possess dignity even an angel cannot share
Sanhedrin, 58b — To strike Israelite like slapping face of God
Chagigah, 15b — A Jew considered good in spite of sins he commits
Gittin (62a) ~ Jew stay away from Christian homes on holidays
Choschen Ham. (26,1) — Jew must not sue before a Christian judge or laws
Choschen Ham (34,19) — Christian or servant cannot become witnesses
lore Dea (112, 1). •* Avoid eating with Christians, breeds
familiarity
Abhodah Zarah (35b) — Do not drink milk from a cow milked by Christian
lore dea (178, 1) — Never imitate customs of Christians, even hair-comb.
Abhodah Zarah (72b) -- Wine touched by Christians must be thrown away.
lore Dea (120,1) — Bought-dishes from Christians must be thrown away.
Abhodah Zarah (2a) — For three days before Christian festivals, avoid all.
Abhodah Zarah (78c) — Festivals of followers of Jesus regarded as idolatry.
lore Dea (139,1) -- Avoid things used by Christians in their worship.
Abhodah Zarah (14b) — Forbidden to sell Christians articles for worship.
lore Dea (151,1) H. — Do not sell water to Christians articles for baptisms.
Abhodah Zarah (2a, 1) — Do not trade with Christians on their feast days.
Abhodah Zarah (1,2) — Now permitted to trade with Christians on such days.
Abhodah Zarah (2aT) — Trade with Christians because they have money to pay.
lore Dea (148, 5) — If Christian is not devout, may send him gifts.
Hilkoth Akum (IX,2) — Send gifts to Christians only if they are irreligious.
lore Dea (81,7 Ha) — Christian wet-nurses to be avoided because dangerous.
lore Dea (153, 1 H) — Christian nurse will lead children to heresy.
lore Dea (155,1). — Avoid Christian doctors not well known to neighbors.
Peaschim (25a) — Avoid medical help from idolators, Christians meant.
lore Dea (156,1) — Avoid Christian barbers unless escorted by Jews.
Abhodah Zarah (26a). — Avoid Christian midwives as dangerous when alone.
Zohar (1,25b) — Those who do good to Christians never rise when dead.
Hilkoth Akum (X,6) — Help needy Christians if it will promote peace.
lore Dea (148, 12H) - Hide hatred for Christians at their celebrations.
Abhodah Zarah (20a) — Never praise Christians lest it be believed true.
lore Dea (151,14) — Not allowed to praise Christians to add to glory.
Hilkoth Akum (V, 12) — Quote Scriptures to forbid mention of Christian god
lore Dea (146, 15) — Refer to Christian religious articles with contempt
lore Dea (147,5) — Deride Christian religious articles without wishes
Hilkoth Akum (X,5) — No gifts to Christians, gifts to converts
lore Dea (151,11) — Gifts forbidden to Christians, encourages friendship	(Continued on Page 7)
«B
The Virginia Christian Israelite / Pag* 4
Blind Watchmen
by Chief (via e-mail)
Columbia, KY
"His Motchmen are blind: they are all ignorant, they are all Jamb days, they cannot bark; sleeping, lying down, k>vmg to slumber. Yea, they are greedy dogs which can newr hose en< 'ugh, and they are shepherds that cannot yndersiarkl they all look to their own way, every one for hts gam. from his quarter." (Isaiah 56:10-11)
/ December2002:	Vo 13, Number
So does God speak to the modem day shepherd's of Israel. These shepherd’s have erred in not identifying the "flock" of Israel and feeding them the Word, instead of lending their support to an ecumenical movement which includes many non-Chnsuan and anti-Christian elements in an attempt to establish a world democracy, a world religion. This they do with a combination of ignorance, greed, laziness and fear of men.
They are ignorant of the power and majesty of Almighty God when they cower under their denominational coverings. They are greedy in treating the Gospel as a means to financial independence or recognition for themselves. They are lazy m not teaching true Christian doctrine if it would alienate any part of their congregation, and thereby reducing their salary. They are fearful of men - of civil government - having sold their flock to the state via tax-exempt status and incorporation. They are afraid to "rock the boat" by calling civil leaders to repentance, and to the administration of Christ's justice.
Verse 19 of Ezekiel 34 tells us that what the shepherds have trodden underfoot is what the flock "eats." The seminary trained pastors and evangelists teach that the law (as embodied *r the Pentateuch) is "done away with in Christ," even though Jesus Himself told us that He did NOT come to destroy the Law (Matthew 5.17). They trample on history, by preaching that there is a singular Antichrist yet to appear on earth during a singular Great Tribulation Period, when the Christians (including the shepherds) will not be here to be persecuted. The Bible clearly teaches that the antichrists have been with us as long as Christianity has existed (1 John 2), and that persecution and chastening have been a common occurrence since Christ's
his fruits, the result*
21 nki * °f his teachings 21-22, Not everyone that h	n
enter min v . , ai ^"h unto me, E*
M r • .,	.	of	Heaven;	hut he that doeli
my bather which is in heaven. Many will say unto LX>rd, lx>rd, have we not prophesied (preachl name?..,Cast out devils., done many wonderful work beautiful church houses, great universities, conducted crusades and television ministries, assembled a mailing million souls, etc.)." They have done ^erytaflM GOD'S SHEEP and fulfill their duty as a watchman
house of Israel	denying the magnitude of	then
?,THEN WILL I PROFESS - will tell them. AN	__Tr	ntrPART" t+HClK/f
THEM, I NEVER KNEW YOU1 DEPAm
THA T WORK INIQUITY-" _____________
It's Hard to Have a Prayer Answered. Unless You First
,T\VV'7t>'
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE m Gibeon, 1 Kings 3:5-15; (2) Haran, Genesis 12; (3) Hebron, Genesis 23' (4) Iconium, Acts 13-14; (5) Perga, Acts 13:13-14; (6) Pergamos, Revelation 2:13; (7) Philadelphia, Revelation 3:7-13; (8) Philippi, Acts 16; (9) Rome; (10) Lacrtsh, 2 Kings 18:13-16; (11) Laodicea, Revelation 3:14-22; (12) Lystra, Acts 14:6-20; (13) Meggido, 2 Kings 23:29; (14) Miletus, Acts 20:17-38; (15) Nazareth, Luke 2:51; (16) Neopolis, Acts 16:11; (17) Nineveh, Genesis 10:11; (18) Paphos, Acts 13:6-13; (19) Patara, Acts 21:1,20; (20) Sodom and Gomorrah, Genesais 19; (21) The New Jerusalem, Revelation 22:5; (22) Salem, Genesis 14*18' (23) Jericho, Luke 19:1; (24) Joppa, Acts 10:5-20; (25) Jerusalem; (26) Anathoth, Jeremiah 1:1; (27) Antipatris, Acts 23:31; (28) Jericho, Joshua 2; (29) Gilgal, 1 Samuel 11:14-15; (30) Damascus, 2 Kings 8:7; (31) Colossae, Colossians 4:9; (32) Dan and Bethel, 1 Kings 12:29; (33) Nob, 1 Samuel 22:18; (34) Petra, Genesis 36:1; (35) Salamis] Acts 13:4-5; (38) Jezreel, 1 Kings 21:1-29; (37) Gibeah, 1 Samuel 10:26; (38) Succoth, Judges 8:5-16; (39) Amos, 1:1; (40) Troas, Acts 16:11; (41) Arimathea, Matthew 27:57-60; (42) Beth-peor, Deuteronomy 34:1-6; (43) Beth-shan, 1 Samuel 31:8-13; (44) Beth-shemesh, 1 Samuel 6:19-21; (45) Dothan, 2 Kings 6:13; (46) Ekron, 2 Kings 1:2; (47) Endor, 1 Samuel 28:7-14
EDITORIAL COMMENTARY
first advent.
Since these false shepherds will not perform the task given tnem. God Himself will perform it "in the cloudy and dark day," when confusion is the rule and Babylon prospers. His sentence for those false shepherds? 7 will destroy the fat and the strung; I will feed them with judgment" (Ezekiel 34:12 & 16).
The true shepherds of modem day Israel are the watchdogs over civil government When you find a pastor or congregation being hassled by the government, it is usually due to their acting m this watchdog capacity In Ezekiel 33, they are called the ’ watchmen" on the walls, keeping both eyes open for enemies, whether foreign or domestic Verse six warns: "Bui if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and ihe people be not warned, if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity;
"BUI HIS BUJOD WILL / REQUIRE AT THE WA TCHMAN'S HAND "
In Matthew 715. Jesus warns us, "BEWARE of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves Ye shall know them by their fruits..." If only our people would learn that one principle, knowing whether a preacher is truly a man of God or an antichrist - by
Please remember to check the date on your mailing label if one is present (this does not apply to all labels). If you have a date of 12/2002, this will be the last issue of the newsletter that you will receive. Our mailing system scans the label indicators, and all expired mailings are automatically deleted from the label printing process. Due to the number of newsletters mailed each month, we have unfortunately had to resort to this "non-personal" system. YOU must inform us of your wish to continue receiving this newsletter. Thank you for your help in this matter
* * * * * * *
The first issue of "The Fire and the Cloud," the newsletter of The Congregations of Israel, P. O. Box 94, Round Hill, VA 20142 USA has been mailed to all members. Publication of future issues will not be based on a regular schedule A new listing of publications produced by The Congregations of Israel will be forthcoming early in 2003 We will include a copy of the listings in this VC I newsletter when it becomes available Scheduled for publication in January 2003 is the booklet. "Seizing the IxtnTs Inheritance" by Rev Herbert Brown and the tract, "What God Do You Worship" by Pastor Chuck Kuhicr The tract ICan Anything Be Jmko^'hristkm will be available in early January from The Congregations o sj ae

The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5 / December 2002: Volume 13, Number 12
11 .* i I
' esting Your Bible Knowledge
1 Where did Solomon have a dream when he asked for wisdom?
2. Where did Abram go after leaving Ur?
3 What city, identified with Mamre, was the place where Sarah died?
CULTS IN AMERICA
STEPHEN CONTRADO, M.Th.
12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
The verses of Exodus 20:4-5 warn Israel about idolatry Membership in and association with cults are flagrant violations
4. In what Asian city did Paul and Barnabas make many converts on the second missionary journey?
5 Where were Paul and Barnabas deserted by Mark?
6.	What city was said by John to have "Satan's seat"?
7.	What dty receives the most praise of all the seven cities of
Asia?
8.	Where did Paul and Silas make their first European
converts?
9.	Where was Paul's longest epistle sent?
10.	Where did Assyrian king Sennacherib receive tribute from
Hezekiah?
11.	What city was said to have Christians that were neither hot
nor cold?
12.	Where was Paul mistaken for the god Hermes?
13.	Where was king Josiah killed?
14.	Where did Paul bid farewell to the elders of Ephesus?
15.	What was Jesus' hometown?
16.	What port was the site of Paul's first European landing?
17.	What city was, according to tradition, founded by Nimrod?
18.	What dty of Cyprus did Paul and Barnabas visit on their
first journey?
19.	In what city did Paul, on his way to Jerusalem, board a
boat sailing for Phoenicea?
20.	What two cities of the plain were destroyed by God for their
wickedness?
21.	According to the New Testament, in what dty will there be
no night?
22.	What dty was Melchizedek king of?
23.	Where did tav collector Ze.ccheeus live?
24.	Where did Peter have his vision of a sheet filled with
undean animals?
25.	What city is often simply referred to as Zion?
26.	What was Jeremiah's hometown?
27.	When the captive Paul was taken from Jerusalem to
Caesarea, where did the guards stop for the night?
28.	What dty was home to the harlot Rahab?
29.	At what town was Saul publicly prodaimed king?
30.	in what Syrian City did Elisha visit a sick king?
31.	What dty was home to Philemon and Onesimus?
32.	In what two dties did King Jeroboam erect his golden
calves?
33.	In what dty did Saul massacre eighty-five priests?
34.	What dty was Esau's home base?
35.	What dty of Cyprus was a site of Paul's preaching?
36.	What dty was the home of Naboth, whose vineyard Ahab
wanted?
37.	What was King Saul's hometown?
38 What city was punished by Gideon for refusing to feed his hungry troops?
39.	What prophet came from the town of Tekoa?
40.	Where was Paul when he received his famous
"Macedonian vision"?
41.	What dty was home to the man who gave Christ Jesus a
burial place?
42.	What was the site of Moses’ burial place?
43	Where were the bodies of Saul and Jonathan nailed to a
wall?
44	Where were a number of men slain for looking into the ark
of the covenant?
45	Where did Elisha strike Synan soldiers with blindness?
46	What Philistine dty worshipped the god Baal-zebub?
47	Where was the witch Saul consulted?
(Please find the answers on Page 4)
of this commandment. But Christians ignore the warnings and seek enlightenment from the so-called spiritual masters of occult sciences and from mystery, new age and modem tax-exempt religions (Church of Scientology, Nicheren Buddhism, Wicca, Astrology, Mysticism, Yoga, Zen, Tarot, Nature Worship, Spiritualism, Theosophy). It is not uncommon to hear Christians confess they observe two religions. Or they water down the Gospel to assodate with non- Christians. We hear them espouse Judeo-Christian values without any concern that the two belief systems are essentially incompatible. The gurus of cults often use the Bible as a secondary reference to say all religions teach the same great truths. (The truth is that cults may contain a small amount of truth.) They seek quick harmony and cheap conversions with no repentance and willingness to observe God's laws. They claim to have lofty intentions such as self-realization, equality and world unity and peace. What they are advocating is wrong; or worse, outright brainwashing and manipulation. They are frauds exploiting people and promoting their own interests. They are not making individuals with cosmic consdousness and world dtizens, but dethroning Christ's unique role in the plan of personal salvation and of the restoration of the world.
Cults (Christian Scientists, Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormons et al.) are not bringing additional revelation to Christian doctrines, but destroying the foundations of biblical inspiration and authority. We need no further revelation. The New Testament ended the need for further revelation to God's people by offering the ultimate revelation in the life and redemptive ministry of Jesus Christ (Hebrews 1: 1-3). We are taught that we need faith, not continuous revelations and spiritualistic works. Mormons claim many new revelations. And the Santeria religion performs animal sacrifices.
Cults are becoming evermore sophisticated. Once they targeted mostly youths and estranged members of society. They were patently irrational and authoritarian. They often changed the names of cult members and gave them new ideas, rituals, speech, and dress to give members new identities and maintain a strong hold on them. Cults accomplished their aims by coercive techniques, enforced conformity, deprivations and sexual abstinence or, more commonly, sexual promiscuity. They lived in secluded groups (Hare Krishna temples) and demanded limited contact with non-members (except when soliciting cash or tax-exempt contributions or hawking cheap merchandise) On joining, new members gave their possessions to the cult But with the increased tolerance in a multicultural environment today they have gained a fashionable foothold in American institutions. Now the liberal media often have a big say as to what groups are dangerous cults (as was the case in Waco, Texas against the Branch Davidians).
Cult leaders often have their religious training in the multicultural murk they perpetuate. Tony and Susan Alamo are a good example They began their church in thel%0's in an epoch of social rebellion, communes and drugs. Both were reared as Jews (Tony's former name was Berrue Lazar Hoffman) People invited to spend weekends at their ranch
({ontmueJ on Page 6)
Tht Vir
Christian	Israelite/ PACE 6 / December 2002: Volume 13,	,

I
CULTS m AMERICA; Continued from Page 5)
Accused them of keeping them virtual prisoners and badgering them to convert by using extremely manipulative techniques Alamos had not quite learned the new menacing
The
sophistication of the cubic arts
Manx Christian churches reflect the new secular attitudes and should be regarded as cults At one time Christians saw a group's departure from biblical doctrines as the principal characteristic of a cult This is not the case today because the churches themselves have forsaken God’s laws. The Internal Revenue 50l(cX3) churches have abandoned faith in the Bible and have adopted the government’s terms for religious organintirin Churches get nonprofit status in exchange for their silence on controversial political issues. Aberrant behavior aid views ( crass materialism, abortion, homosexuality, sexual Iteration, race-mixing) that the Bible clearly condemns are becoming church norms 501(cX3) Internal Revenue churches thrive, flaunting their defiance of God's authority, being perhaps the most insidious and dangerous of all cults in America. How do you tell your next-door neighbor that the church he is attending is not anchored in God's eternal truth? That it is not hard to determine what constitutes a cult? That he himself is a vietun of the times?
Religious cults have gained incredible ground in recent vears Sociologists teach that there is no cult threat to America, that these religious movements are a natural social process. So Americans no longer see through and expose the new tactics the cults employ For example, most Christian churches considered Rev Sun Myung Moon's Unification Church a dangerous cult in the ’60s But the mission of the Moonies, with Moon himself as the "messiah," and "successor of Jesus Christ" remains: Unite the world through a new religion! The Moonies have gained an ever-widening audience from church and political leaders and are even receiving government approval. They have many new organizations with many notable participants. A number of Christian evangelists have admitted that they accepted millions of dollars from Moon to bailout their evangelical enterprises. Can they take money from this cult and at the same time preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ without a hidden agenda? No, they cannot Moon has sponsored the Council of National Policy, winch even brings together U.S. senators and representatives. Our elected political leaders have acted in the same manner as the evangelists and have served as promoters of Moon's organizations.
Cults have acquired new political power. They are no longer fringe groups Those who expect cults to conform to the old image of the Satanic group with its rituals in the black mass or of Charles Manson and Jim Jones need awakening But even when cults act in bizarre ways, such as in the case of Santeria with its ritual animal sacrifices, the Supreme Court has decided m then favor against local ordinances Oddly enough, while school prayer, the posting of the Ten Commandments in public places, and the mention of God in the Pledge of Allegiance are under severe attack the scope of the first amendment is made ever broader to protect the free exercise of cult liberties
We should observe the denunciation and advice Jacob gave las household concerning idols He said, "Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be dean, and change your garments" {Genesis 35:2) The heathen (cults) are very much present in the world, as surely as Israel (our people) is They will not believe God's Word, we must God will execute his vengeance and fury upon them (Micah 5 15) The prophets,
Christ, and the Apostles all warned Us can expect the lake of fire (Revelation ^vN Word. It shall stand forever. Cults can bring ^ world. Their threat, however, is quite real —
IB
u« 2
it 3 j
*-8
■j,
I
1
3 9 a v
1 JB
ii
G M O u
A Conflict of Interest?
There is a great concern today, especially in the v ^	?
forms of the media on issues of "conflict of interest,” an<r^ none more so than in the field of politics. With this however why is it that the greatest conflict of interest is ignored by all of the "major players." We refer to the fact that politicians of the Jewish belief (who, by the way, hold dual citizenship in both this I nation and in the Israeli) get to vote on matters concerned with the region and especially the Jewish state. The fact that they are citizens of the Israeli has to affect their judgment in a biased role I on many issues to be voted upon. And yet they never consider recusing themselves from this conflict of interest. They vote to I send tens of billions of American dollars, and all manner of high-tech military equipment to the Jewish state without any consideration as to how the funds and equipment will be utilized against others.
The root cause of our problems is that we fail to realize and recognize that the best solutions (?) for the Israeli, are not necessarily the best solutions for America. The Jewish claim, accepted by the Fundamentalists that the "Jews are God's Chosen People," has been a major source affecting the vision clarity of politicians who seek Jewish votes and especially the Zionist funding. / don’t expect that you will ever see this suggestion in the mainstream media. Just like the fact that the mainstream media never raises the issue that the Jewish politicians have dual-citizenship both here and in the Israeli. Just where and to whom is their "first loyalty"? A little study will reveal the troth.
The following is one of the best descriptions of what the Bible is all about. The author remains anonymous but from the style of writing we can surmise that it came from European extraction. Thanks Theo for sending this to us.
THE BIBLE
This book contains - the mind of God, the state of man,! the way of Salvation, the doom of Sinners, and the happiness of Believers. Its doctrines are holy, its precepts are binding, its histories are true, and its decisions are immutable. Read it to be wise, believe it to be safe, and practice it to be holy. It contains light to direct you, food to support you, and comfort to cheer you. It is the traveler's map, the pilgrim's staff, the pilot's compass, the soldiers sword, and the Christian's charter. Here Paradise is restored. Heaven opened, and I the gates of Hell disclosed. Christ is its grand subject, I
Iour good its design, and the Glory of God its end. It I should fill the memory, rule the heart and guide the feet.1 | Read it slowly, frequently, prayerfully. It is given you in I life, will be opened at the judgment, and will be I remembered for ever. It involves the highest responsibility, will reward the greatest labor, and! condemn all who trifle with its sacred contents j
TJ„ ill iuuji lit ■iintaftfr m i fttfr booionwE tow 5w v—— Christen
jpiftit IV* (154*2) **■ Forbidden to teach a tfade to a Christian Buhha Bathr* (54b) — Christian property belongs to first person claiming
Cboscben Ham( 153,7) Keep what Christian overpays in error
Cboscben Havit(226,l) — Jew may keep lost property of Christian found bv Jew
Babb* Kama (113b) — It is permitted to deceive Christians
Cboscben Ham( 183,7) — Jews must divide what they overcharge Christians
Cboscben Ham( 156,5) — Jews must not take Christian customers from Jews
lore De* (157*2) H — May deceive Christians that believe Christian tenets
Abhodah Zoirab (54a) —Usury may be practiced upon Christians or apostates.
lore Dea (159,1) — Usury permitted now for any reason to Christians
Babha Kama (113a) — Jew may lie and peijure to condemn aCbristian
Babha Kama (113b) — Name of God not profaned when lying to Christians
Kallah (lb, p.18) — Jew may perjure himself with a clear conscience
Schabbouth Hag. (6d). — Jews may swear falsely by use of subterfuge wording
Zohar (1,160a). — Jews must always try to deceive Christians
lore Dea (158,1) — Do not cure Christians unless it makes enemies
Orach Cahiim (330,2) — Do not assist Christian's childbirth cm Saturday
Choschen Ham.(425,5) — Unless believes in Torah do not prevent his death
lore Dea (158,1) — Christians not enemies must not be saved either
Hilkkoth Akum (X,l) — Do not save Christians in danger of death
Cboscben Ham(386,10) — A spy may be killed even before he confesses
Abhodah Zorah (26b) — Apostates to be thrown into well, not rescued.
Choschen Ham(388,15) — Kill those who give Israelites' money to Christians
Sanhedrin (59a) — 'Prying into Jews' "Law" to get death penalty
HUkhoth Akum(X,2) — Baptized Jews are to be put to death
lore Deaf 158,2) Hag. — Kill renegades who turn to Christian rituals
Cboscben Ham(425,5) — Those who do not believe in T orah are to be killed
HiJkboth tesch.m«8 — Christians and others deny the 'Law** of the Torah
Zohar (1,25a) — Christians are to be destroyed as idolators. Zohar (11,19a) — Captivity of Jews end when Christian pnnces die
UIC
Obadiam *• When Rome is destroyed, Israel will be redeemed
Abhodah Zarah(26b) T. — "Even the best of the Goim should be killed "
Sepher Or Israel 177b — If Jew kills Christian commits no
sin
lalkut Simoni (245c) — Shedding blood of impious offers sacrifice to God
Zohar (II, 43a) — Extermination of Christians necessary sacrifice
Zohar (L,28b,39a) — High place in heaven for those who kill idolators
Hilkhoth Akum(X,l) — Make no agreements and show no mercy to Christians
Hilkhoth Akum (X,l) -- Either tum them away from their idols or kill.
Hilkhoth Akum (X,7) — Allow no idolators to remain where Jews are strong.
Choschen Ham(388,16) — All contribute to expense of killing traitor.
All of these statements are considered to be godful law as determined by the various rabbi's from the time of the Babylonian captivity of Judah up to around 800 AD when the Talmud was considered completed. Compare these traditions of ungodly Christ-denying individuals with the laws of God as enumerated in the Bible and then attempt to justify the oxymoron statement of the term Judeo-Christianity. Further, to say that Christianity is "sourced" from Judaism, as some Fundamentalist preachers contend is blasphemy to Yahweh-God. The Bible is our instruction manual from the Father as written by inspired men of God. Take the listings as enumerated from the Talmud, and attempt to find similar instructions in the Bible. You will find no such comparisons.
The Talmudists have long complained about what they refer to as anti-semetic (there can be no such category about the non-semetic Jews) statements in the Gospel of John, and in some of the modem translations, attempts have been made to comply with the Talmudists in the "correcting and changing" of some of the statements in John's Gospel. I am presuming that these Scriptural scholars have never read Revelation 22:18-19: "...If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: And if any man shall take away from the words of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book." That is not a veiled warning but a direct statement from our Saviour.
......	3	|
You might well hold onto this listing from the Talmud for future reference, especially when you are told by some of the uninformed that the Talmudists are God's Chosen People What is so difficult about an understanding of John 14:6 "...I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. | The time of Jacob's trouble is with us now. Remember what Christ Jesus said in John 15:20, "...if they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you..." May your faith remain strong and your dedication to !
I our LORD steadfast We know the final outcome of the ! coming battle and we will be victorious in Jesus' name
i
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 8 / ueamwwt	  .	mm
Insight from the Mouths of Babes
Mtet the christening of his baby brother in church, Jason sobbed all the wav home in the back seat of the car. His father asked him three times what was wrong. Finally, the boy replied, "That preacher said he wanted us brought up in a Christian home, and \ wanted to stay with you guys.”
The Sunday School Teacher asked, "Now, Johnny, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?" "No sir," Johnny replies, "I don't have to. My Mom is a good cook.
A Sunday school teacher asked her children, as they were on the way to church service, "And why is it necessary to be quiet in church0" One bright little girl replied, "Because people are sleeping"
A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons, Kevin, 5, Ryan,
3 The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake Their mother saw the opportunity for a moral lesson. "If Jesus were sitting here. He would say, 'Let my brother have the first pancake, I can wait.'" Kevin turned to his younger brother and said, "Ryan, you be Jesus!"
A father was at the beach with his children when the four-year-old son ran up to him, grabbed his hand, and led him to the shore, where a seagull lay dead in the sand. "Daddy, what happened to him9" the son asked. "He died and went to Heaven," the Dad replied The boy thought a moment and then said. "Did God throw him back down?"
After the church service a little boy toid the pastor, "When I grow up, I’m going to give you some money." "Well, thank you." the pastor replied,"but why?" "Because my daddy says you're one of the poorest preachers we've ever had."
A wife invited some people to dinner. At the table, she turned to their six-year-old daughter and said, "Would you like to say the blessing9" I wouldn’t know what to say," the girl replied. "Just say what you hear Mommy say," the wife answered The daughter bowed her head and said, "Lord, why on earth did I invite all these people to dinner?"
My co-worker's 3-year-old son, Reese: "Our Father, Who does an in heaven, Howard is His name." "Amen"
A little boy was in a relative's wedding. As he was coming down the aisle, he would take two steps, stop, and turn to the crowd While facing the crowd, he would put his hands up like claws and roar So it went, step, step, ROAR, step, step, ROAR, all the way down the aisle. As you can imagine, the crowd was near tears from laughing so hard by the time he reached the pulpit When asked what he was doing, the child sniffed and said, "I was being the Ring Bear."
One Sunday in a Midwest City, a young child was "acting up" during the morning worship hour The parents did their best to maintain some sense of order in the pew, but were losing the battle Finally, the father picked the little fellow up and walked sternly up the aisle on his way out Just before reaching the safety of the foyer, the little one called loudly to the congregation, "Pray for met" "Pray for me'"
And one particular four-year old prayed. O trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash « ^ q
A little boy was overheard praying: "Lord, if you can't > £ a better boy, don't worry about it. I'm having a real gCK, like I am."
A little boy opened the big and old family Bible with fascination looking at the old pages as he turned them. Then something fe out of the Bible and he picked it up and looked at it closely was an old leaf from a tree that had been pressed in between th pages. "Mama, look what I found," the boy called out. "Whl have you got there, dear?" his mother asked With astonishmer in the young boy’s voice he answered, "It's Adam's suit!!"
The preacher was wired for sound with a lapel mike, and as hi preached, he moved briskly about the platform, jerking the mik< cord as he went. Then he moved to one side, getting wound up in the cord and nearly tripping before jerking it again. After several circles and jerks, a little girl in the third pew leaned toward her mother and whispered, "If he gets loose, will he hurt us?
Six-year old Angie, and her four-year old brother, Joel, were sitting together in church. Joel giggled, sang, and talked out loud. Finally, his big sister had had enough. "You're not supposed to talk out loud in church." "Why? Who's going to stop me?" Joel asked. Angie pointed to the back of the church and said, "See those two men standing by the door? They're hushers."
My grandson was visiting one day when he said, "Grandma, do you know how you and God are alike?" I mentally polished my halo, while I asked, "No, how are we alike?" "You're both old," he replied.
A ten-year old, under the tutelage of her grandmother, was becoming quite knowledgeable about the Bible Then, one day, she floored her grandmother by asking, "Which Virgin was the mother of Jesus? The virgin Mary or the King James Virgin?"
A Sunday school class was studying the Ten Commandments They were ready to discuss the last one. The teacher asked if anyone could tell her what it was. Susie raised her hand, stood tall, and quoted, "Thou shall not take the covers off the neighbor's wife."
1 had been teaching my three-year old daughter, Caitlin, the Lord's prayer. For several evenings at bedtime, she would repeat after me the lines from the prayer. Finally, she decided to go solo I listened with pride as she carefully enunciated each word, right up to the end of the prayer: "Lead us not into temptation," she prayed, "but deliver us some E-mail. Amen "
MULTICULTURALISM	|
"Nations are like leaves...	|
they change color before they die. ^ | That's what's happening to our America."	*
Kevin Strom	  1
__BiBiiimwiiiiiiiiiiiii ....—^
tian Israelite / PACE 9 / December 2002: Volume 13, Number 12
BE WRONG: (UR ECONOMY BOOMING?
H the past months, the media has been reporting that our HRomy has been in a downturn and in a recessive state. Many manufacturing companies have reduced inventories through reduced production and have been offering all manner and sorts of incentives to get consumers interested in making purchases. Many of the large corporations such as AOL and Time-Wamer and K-Mart and WorldCom have been severely reducing the number of employees by tens of thousands, and the list of such corporations is rather extensive. And this does not include those corporations who have been involved in financial shenanigans. Most recently, stores and merchants (especially those run by believers in the Talmud) have been whining and complaining that the consumers are not spending enough on holiday gifts. These items and numbers do not speak of a booming American
economy.
It was therefore with a good deal of interest that I read in The Winchester Star of November 27, 2002 (page D5), the following Associated Press article entitled, "Israel Seeks More Funds." The article is printed below in its entirety.
Israel Seeks
_____By The Associated Press_
WASHINGTON - Israel is asking the Bush administration for about $4 billion in new military aid and $8 billion to $10 billion in loan guarantees to bolster its economy, a U.S. official said on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon’s chief of staff, Dov Weisglass, and the director general of Israel’s finance ministry, Ohad Marani, made the request at a meeting on Monday with Con-doleezza Rice, President Bush’s national security adviser.
The Israeli Embassy declined to disclose how much help was requested, but said the Israelis were promised a prompt reply. An administration official provided the price tag on the condition of
More Funds
anonymity.
Marani presented an account of the economic situation in Israel and he and Weisglass had a detailed discussion with Rice, the embassy said in a statement.
A 26-month conflict with the Palestinians has strained Israel’s defense budget, and the violence'has sharply reduced foreign investment and tourism.
Israel is the largest recipient of U.S. loans and grants, which amount to $2.9 billion.
The State Department said last week it would ask Congress for $2.16 billion in military aid for Israel for fiscal year 2004, which begins next September. That is an increase of $120 million from a request for $2.04 billion for this year.
According to this Associated Press release, the Zionists are asking for "about $4 billion in new military aid and $8 to $10 billion in loan guarantees to bolster its economy." You must realize that all such things as "loan guarantees" is nothing less than a direct gift in spite of the wording
The need for additional military aid is as a result of their terror campaign against the Palestinians Why is it that the Israeli are using our helicopters, jets, and other hardware in such a manner? Of course the Arab peoples hate us for supply* ing the Talmudists with this killing power and for our one-sided and biased attitude, irregardiess of who was at fault
And yes, "the violence has sharply reduced foreign investment and tourism " Who would want to vacation in a "war
zone " And just whose fault is that?
How is it that this American nation, with our own economic problems has the billions of dollars to enhance the Israeli military and to bolster the Israeli economy? Doesn't chanty and help begin at home with our people? Don’t you take care of family first before you consider alien strangers? After some 54 years of existence, it is past time that the Israeli stand on its own.
And why is it that the so-called "separation of church and state" holds so much "validity" when applied against Christian symbols and organizations in this nation, but is never mentioned with anything relating to the "Jewish State " Is not Congress and the Administration supporting the religion of Judaism in violation of the U. S. Constitution?
The Israeli is not our friend. They are not a free land even to Americans. Carry a closed Bible down any street in the Israeli and you will quickly get to visit a Jewish jail before being expelled from the country. The time will come when the truth will be known and the ungodly ones will be exposed for just what and who they are, and God will demand answers from us
More information about money to the Israeli's. They never pay us back, but who authorizes the cancellations of the debts?
AID TO ISRAEL CORRECTION An AP story has just come out on aid to Israel, and along with several other problems, it contains a sentence that we should all call our newspapers to correct. I have just called AP itself, and asked them to correct the story.
In case they don't, please call your local newspapers and ask them to give more accurate information, as follows: In its current report, AP says that Israel has never defaulted on a loan. The real fact is that ISRAEL HAS NEVER RHP AID A LOAN.
THE MONEY NEVER RETURNS TO THE U.S. TREASURY. I gave AP the following reference: an excellent article by longtime journalist and executive editor of the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, Richard Curtiss: "...friends of Israel never tire of saying that Israel has never defaulted on repayment of a U. S. government loan.
It would he equally accurate to say Israel has never been required to repay a IJ. S. government loan. The truth of the matter is complex, and designed to he so by those who seek to conceal it from the U. S. taxpayer.
Most U.S. loans to Israel are forgiven, and many were made with the explicit understanding that they would be forgiven before Israel was required to repay them. By disguising as loans what in fact were grants, cooperating members of Congress exempted Israel from the U. S. oversight that would have accompanied grants. On other loans, Israel was expected to pay the interest and eventually to begin repaying the principal. But the so-called Cranston Amendment, which has been attached by Congress to every foreign aid appropriation since 1983, provides that economic aid to Israel will never dip below the amount Israel is required to pay on its outstanding loans. In short, whether IJ. S. aid is extended as grants or loans to Israel, it never returns to the Treasury'. "
If the newspapers say that the AP contention that Israel "never defaulted on a loan" is not incorrect, you might want to mention John Stuart Mill's observation that the greater evil is not the violent conflict of parts of the truth, "but the quiet suppression of half of it"