VIMMISA CHlISflAN I
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
SEPTEMBER 2004: Volume 15, Number 9 "Our 19th year of serving Yahweh our Sod"
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
Why Some Understand ... and Many Do Not!
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
The first point that must be understood is that the Holy Bible was not written as a general book, like some fictional novel, to all peoples on the earth. The Bible is written for, by, and about the elect and chosen people of God - the Israel people. The only time that the Bible mentions other peoples is as they come into contact with Israel. And for those who are not familiar with our beliefs, we are not referring to "Israel" as that Talmudic, Christ-hating rabble currently inhabiting that cancerous little nation in die Middle East. We are rather referring to the descendants of the twelve tribes who spread north and west following the Assyrian captivities - the Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, Germanic, Scandinavian and related peoples. They, and they alone fulfill the words of Scripture predicted for Israel.
If you are reading this newsletter, you most probably are one who has a correct understanding of Scripture. And if you have ever attempted to present this knowledge to others, you realize the fiustration of reject and failure.
Yahweh our God had promised to Abraham, “...I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and the sand which is upon the sea shore..." (Genesis 22:17) There surely is no shortage of the Israelites, but there is a huge vacuum when it comes to an understanding of Scripture. God, speaking through the prophet Hosea, tells us in 4:6, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge..." I have often wondered why so many others can not, or will not, seek and investigate die words of Scripture to discover the truth.
After many years of seeking to enlighten others about Scriptural truth, in the fall of 2003 1 wrote the booklet. Why Jg il Difficult gg Believe...?,* which outlines why we meet such stiff resistance to our beliefs. True, the media, and the Talmudists, and the establishment churches present much adverse publicity to our efforts.
itiAii The Corigre^atioiis of Israel, P, 0 box V4, Round Hill, VA 20142 USA
But, there has to be something else which separates and divides those who understand from those who do not. In study of this issue, I have come across the idea of a predestination of Israelites. Christ Jesus, in the Gospel of John 6:44-45, says, "No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up in the last day. It is written in the prophets, And they shall be ball taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me."To paraphrase this passage, "no man comes unless drawn by God." This is further reiterated a few verses later in verse 65 where Jesus is saying, "...that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father."
In 2 Timothy 1:9, we read, "...and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before then world began." Further, in Paul's episde to the Romans 8:28-30, we read of predestination of "some." Could it be that only "some" have been called, and those who were not called, will not understand? That is a matter for serious consideration.
Could it be that the clergy serving in most all of the so-called Christian churches "have not been called"? I have met some who have pursued the ministry as a career job and others who entered therein since it did not involve physical work and included some "social status." I have encountered others who seek the materialistic benefits of church life. I have met very few whom I could categorize as "committed and dedicated."
The same could be said about many Christians. They claim to be "Christians," not based upon a knowledge of Christianity and what it means, but rather on the fact that they attend some particular church. They go through the motions of claiming Christianity, but to no avail Are they truly Christians?	1Continued on Page 2)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE ^September 2004: Volume 15, Numb
come. Our people are blinded by their
WHY SOME UNDERSTAND...AND MANY DO NOT! (Continued from Page 1)
It is not sufficient to merely ’’claim” to be a Christian, as many do through their attendance at some church. We must be doers of the Word and not merely pay lip service. In the epistle of James (2:17) we read, "Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead..." Your faith must justify your works, and the works of your life will justify your faith.
There are many verses in Scripture which speak to Israelites (and Israel) being chosen in the womb (before birth). Some of these scriptural verses can be found in Isaiah 41:8; Isaiah 46:3; Isaiah 49:1-15; Psalm22:9-10. Is this why one brother may be called and chosen and another not? Is this why a child may be called and the parents not? Is this why the husband or wife may be called and the other one not? Is this not predestination of the individual where one is selected and one not?
Paul preaching at Antioch said, "The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt..." (Acts 13:17). This was not a choice of the individual - it was a divine decision.
Our Saviour, Christ Jesus put it even more clearly in John 15 :16, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you... ” Could it be that those who do not understand, do so in their own ignorance as they have not been called from the very beginning?
And then there is the careful consideration of "when" God caIk us into service. For every one called there is a set time when the Father wants to use us. This is something which we have no control over. It may be as a teenager, or when we reach a mature age, or even in our advanced years. The one criteria which must be present in order to be one of "the called ones" must be the presence of the "spirit of God." Despite the fact that the apostles walked and lived with Christ Jesus during his first advent, it was not until that very first Pentecost when the Spirit came upon them that they were able to step forth and do the work which had been delegated to them.
When we consider what the Scriptures have to say with regard to "Israel," it should be easy enough to accept the fact that the Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, Germanic, Scandinavian and related peoples are the ONLY peoples which meet the marks of Israel set forth in Scripture.* The greatest opposition to our beliefs come from the Talmudists and from those of "churchianity." The Christ-hating Talmudists would be seen in their ungodly character. Those of "churchianity" would be forced to explain their perverted and heathen doctrine which has led God’s people astray (see Ezekial 34 for more information).
Are those who don't have the "Spirit" and don't understand the truth condemned? 1 would not expect so as they probably meet the very minimum salvation requirements. But there are different roles and ranks in the kingdom to
^	SIS IIsSb	MARKS OF ISRAEL IN SCRIPTURE, Tb# Coo§r#|iUooi of lini#),
R 0, Stag 94, Hound Hill, Viffpiuji 20142 USA.
X % S
liii
you have and possess the understand ® • 1/<
hloccinnc anil anil. CtnA Aw _____9S . . ®	<
S'
JS)
blessings and praise God for choosing a difficult and trying times. You are a part ofSf ’tf'*7 chosen group.	J
-cr •&[
Who Should You Fear?
Henry Hofmann, The Congregations of Israel
The COSTCO Warehouse recently had the 9/11 Commission Report on sale for $5.99, and I decided to invest a few dollars and attempt to read this literary tome. I can tell you that the type is small and not easy to read, and the content rather dry. I don't know whether or not ”the commission” elicited truth or not, but the one thing that comes out very clearly is the blundering ineptness of government agencies and systems. And of course, based upon recent commentaries by those running for national office, as well as those currently occupying national office, the answer is to give these agencies more funds and power (through the loss of liberties). Additional funds will only lead to greater ineptitude and inefficiency.
We have been hearing about overwhelming terrorist possibilities in recent weeks, and as this is being written in early August, we donT know as of yet whether this is fact or fiction. Those who are supposed to protect us can't seem to get their act together and close our borders. If something were to occur, these fools ought to be occupying prison cells.
I have not heard our churches speaking out about turning to the Almighty for protection. I guess that their faith is not very strong in the belief of God's Word and His protection.
Of course, if we would root out the Kenites who have integrated and infiltrated our government, that would be a step in the right direction. Then we should use that so-called Reparation of church and state” clause to separate our foreign policy programs from the Zionist nation. If we were to do that, and treat all fairly, we wouldn't have to worry much about terrorism. Much of the blame for our continued obedience to the Israeli can be laid at the doorstep of the Fundamentalists and Evangelicals who continue in their blinded ignorance to insist that God's words to Abraham (a Hebrew, and not a Jew) apply to today's Zionists, "And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed."(Genesis 12:3)
We have blessed the Jews since 1948 and what have we to show for the hundreds of billions we have expended? We have received all of the curses that God spoke of. The truth will be known someday! We had better start to fear our God! Ignorance of the Law is no excuse in a traffic court and certainly it will not be accepted and considered an excuse on the Day the Great White Throne judgment. Wake-up, 0 T
//// to
fff*
a
v'/li
S,V
I V II
7$e Virginia Christian Israelite / PACF ?/ September 2004: Volume 15, Number 9
8P
A New Perverted Translation
lii now. a version of Holy Writ more illiterate and
dastardly than the Ebonics Bible... To wake matters
worse it’s been praised by Doctor Rowan Williams,
archbishop of that "High Church" of England/Ephraim
(which also endorses and anoints queer archbishops)...
* * * * ♦
A brand-new translation of the Bible - praised by Britain's archbishop of Canterbuiy, that nation's senior Christian' voice - flatly contradicts traditional core Christian beliefs on sex and morality. Titled, "Good as New,” the new Bible is translated by former Baptist minister John Henson for the "One" organization, to produce what the group calls a "new, fresh and adventurous" translation of the Christian scriptures.
The 104th archbishop of Canterbuiy, Dr. Rowan Williams - leader of the Church of England - describes it is a book of "extraordinary power," but admitted many would be startled by its content. "Instead of condemning fornicators, adulterers and 'abusers of themselves with mankind'," says Ruth Gledhill, the London Times religious affairs correspondent, "the new version of his first letter to Corinth has St. Paul advising Christians not to go without sex for too long in case they get 'frustrated.'"
"The new version, which Dr. Williams says he hopes will spread 'in epidemic profusion through religious and irreligious alike,' turns St. Paul's strictures against fornication on their head," adds the Times.
The 'One' organization that produced the new Bible translation is dedicated to "establish[ing] peace, justice, dignity and rights for all." It is also focused on "sustainable use of the earth's resources," challenging "oppression, injustice, exclusion and discrimination" as well as accepting "one another, valuing their diversity and experience."
According to Ekklesia, a London-based "theological think tank" that supports the "One" translation: The translation is pioneering in its accessibility, and changes the original Greek and Hebrew nomenclature into modem nicknames St. Peter becomes "Rocky," Mary Magdalene becomes "Maggie," Aaron becomes "Ron," Andronicus becomes "Andy" and Barabbas becomes "Barry."
In keeping with the times, translator Henson deftly translates "demon possession" as "mental illness" and "Son of Man," the expression Jesus frequently used to describe himself, as "the Complete Person." In addition, parables are rendered as "riddles," baptize is to "dip" in water, salvation becomes "healing" or "completeness" and Heaven becomes "the world beyond time and space."
Here's how Williams, the top Anglican archbishop, describes the new Bible: "Instead of being taken into a specialized religious frame of reference * as happens even with the most conscientious of formal modem translations - and being given a gospel addressed to specialized concerns - we have here a vehicle for thinking and
worshipping that is fully earthed, recognizably about our humanity." In addition, notes Ekklesia, the archbishop praises Henson's translation for eliminating "the stale, the technical, the unconsciously exclusive words and policies" in other translations.
Here, according to the London Times, are a few sample passages:
Mark 1:4 King James version: "John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins."
New: "John, nicknamed *The Dipper,’ was *The Voice. 'He was in the desert, inviting people to be dipped, to show they were determined to change their ways and wanted to be forgiven.’’
Mark 1:10-11 King James version: "And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him. And there came a voice from the heaven saying. Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."
New: "As he was climbing up the bank again, the sun shone through a gap in the clouds. At the same time a pigeon flew down and perched on him. Jesus took this as a sign that God's spirit was with him. A voice from overhead was heard saying, 'That's my boy! You're doing fine!"’
Matthew 23:14 King James version: "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!"
New version: "Take a running jump. Holy Joes, humbugs!"
Matthew 26:69-70 King James version: "Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came unto him, saying, 'Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee.' But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest."
New: "Meanwhile Rocky was still sitting in the courtyard. A woman came up to him and said: 'Haven't I seen you with Jesus, the hero from Galilee?" Rocky shook his head and said: 7 don’t know what the hell you’re talking about!’"
1 Corinthians 7:1-2 King James version: "Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: [It is] good for a man not to touch a woman. Nevertheless, [to avoid] fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband."
New: "Some of you think the best way to cope with sex is for men and women to keep right away from each other. That is more likely to lead to sexual offences. My advice is for everyone to have a regular partner."
1 Corinthians 7:8-7 King James version: "I say therefore to the unmarried and widows. It is good for them if they abide even as 1. But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to bum."
New: "If you know you have strong needs, get yourself a partner. Better than being jirustrated."
I guess that these illiterate fools have never read Romans 1:22 and especially Revelation 22:18-19,
i
Virginia Christian Israelite / Page 4 f September 2004: Volume IS, Number <*
MV haw been following ihe Kennewick Man episode for the past eight wars and have gathered volumes of material on the subject Briefly, the discovert in Washington state in 1996 of CauiXisian bones dating back some 9,300 years has caused consternation about just *who were "natrve Americans " The Amerindians have special tax benefits and advantages based on their cktim to be "native " If this can be proved untrue, what then happens. The Corps, of Engineers (the government) has done everything to cover this tssue up « literally.
Kennewick Man Appeal Unlikely
This story was published Saturday, July 17th, 2004 By Anna King, Herald staff writer
An almost eight-year battle over the remains of Kennewick Man that pitted Mid-Columbia tribes against those interested in studying the bones appears to be over.
Officials of four Northwest tribes say they don’t plan to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court to keep the 9,300-vear-old bones out of the hands of scientists. The remains arc considered to belong to one of the most complete ancient skeletons ever found.
”1 am kin da glad for the case to come to a close. It’s been a long time," said James Chatters, the Richland archaeologist who recovered many of Kennewick Man’s bones from the riverbank in Columbia Park in 1996 during Water Follies.
But Chatters added that a lot of work remains before scientists actually can start to study the bones.
Rob Roy Smith, an attorney representing the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Indian Reservation, said the tribes were disappointed in the lower federal court’s ruling but would try other ways to gain ultimate control of Kennewick Man.
"'Appeals to the Supreme Court are expensive, and there is no guarantee that the court would even take the case,* he said. "There is a fear that the bad decision by the 9th District Court could become the law of the land, and that's not a risk the tribes are willing to take."
If the Supreme Court upheld the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' February decision in favor of scientific study, it might sway other cases in the United States where tribes are fighting for other remains under the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act, he said.
The UmatiUas still could appeal the case and will not decide officially until the tribal council’s meeting Monday. But Debra Cr os well, a spokeswoman for the tribe, said an appeal was highly unlikely.
Croswet! said the tribes probably would push Congress to amend the repatriation act and demand participation in how the study would be carried out on Kennewick Man.
Reburial of the bones is meaningful to the tribes who believe Kennewick Man is their ancestor, CroswelJ said
"That’s how you treat the remains said. "Once you put them in the they are supposed to stay."
Chatters said he thinks study on the bonvs early as November. The current study plan jji few years ago calls for about two weeks of an^ik

"1 have a lot of questions in my mind still," cw said. "I am very much excited to get my colleagues in same room and say, Hey, did you notice this? What do
you think that means?’ ”
Chatters said under the 9th Circuit’s decision, the skeleton will be stored for further scientific study and not reburied.
"It would be part of a collection maintained by the federal government," he said. "He goes in along with the rest of the national treasures where he belongs.”
Kennewick Man’s remains are now stored in the
University of Washington’s Burke Museum in Seattle.
Editorial Commentary - Please Note
Please remember to check the date on your mailing label (if one is present). If the date reads 09/2004. this will be the last newsletter you receive unless you notify us that you wish to continue receiving this newsletter. Our computerized mailing system reads the program and it automatically drops those whose subscription has expired. We have too many names on our list to do a manual verification. In addition, this newsletter and much of our other mailings are now ’’metered mail” which substantially reduces the processing time and makes mail destined for other nations easier to process. Please advise us if you have any problems with the receipt of this newsletter. We have published this newsletter every month for many years although our scheduled print time may vary depending upon other factors such as printing and editorial schedules. Thank you for your understanding.
The Preacher and the Hole Truth
Carl Spillman tells of a young preacher asked by a funeral director to hold a graveside service for a man who died with no family or friends.
The preacher got lost on the way to the country cemetery. When he arrived a half-hour late he saw a backhoe and crew, but the hearse was nowhere in sight and the workmen were eating lunch.
The diligent pastor went to the open grave, to find the vault lid in place. But still he preached an impassioned and lengthy service. Returning to his car, he felt he had done his duty in spite of his tardiness.
Then he overheard one of the workers: 7Ve been putting in septic tanks for 20 years, and I ain't never seen anything like that"
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACit 5 / September 2004: Volume. 15, Number s
*rtn j_ _
■ - f//tn Reasons To Enforce U5 tar Immigration Laws
Frosty Wooldridge
A recent letter arrived in my mailbox from a distraught American over his personal crisis with illegal immigration in Wisconsin. He wrote, "I am so sick of illegal aliens sucking the life out of our country. Our taxes go up and up and who benefits? The aliens. Our hospitals are overrun and our businesses ruined. I work in a factory and we employ a large number of illegals. How do I know? I ask them. They aren't afraid of being deported. Once they are here and have a job, they get their friends and families jobs. A co-worker of mine said that the illegals aren't a real problem, our country can absorb them. I told her the stories of crime and pollution at the crossing areas in the southwest she just said I was making it up. I just don't know what to do, I just don't. Help us."
Do you remember Teddy Roosevelt and the Rough Riders in the Spanish/American War? Do you remember Audie Murphy a real life hero from World War II? Do you remember GI Joe slinging a rifle over his shoulders to protect America? Do you remember that sailor giving a kiss to that nurse on the streets of New York at the end of WWH?
That was their time; this is yours. It's time you take action on behalf of your kids and the future of this country. It might be added that we don't have much time
m2	Km?
to stop this invasion. The sooner you act and all your friends, the sooner we control our borders. Pass this commentary to all your friends with directions on how to take action.
Team America at www.teamamericapac.org issued ten reasons why America must enforce its immigration laws. They started with the tenth reason and worked up to the first. Why? Because the first nine support the most important reason which you will find out. Mr. Ed Garrison brilliantly wrote them. He declares:
10.	It's time to raise the American standard of living. The real minimum wage has been declining for over a decade. Some advocate raising the minimum wage - but this would raise the price of unskilled labor above its free-market value. Mass unemployment would result.
Why has the market value of unskilled labor declined? For the same reason that all prices move: supply and demand. It’s hard to change the demand side of the equation: You can't make anyone "need" an unskilled worker who doesn’t need one already. For years, however, we have been artificially modifying the supply side by tolerating a massive influx of unskilled workers across our borders. We can reverse the trend by enforcing immigration laws. We won't need to raise the minimum wage. It will raise itself Millions of Americans will be lifted out of poverty, and millions more from the lower middle class to prosperity.
9. We can immediately create millions of new jobs.
Conservative estimates place the number of illegal aliens in the U.S. at 10,000,000. Taking into account minor children and the aged, that's still millions of people who are flooding our labor force. Remove them, and opportunities will abound for Americans.
There's a canard that says that illegals "take the jobs Americans don't want." This is a fallacy! There's no job an American can't or won't do for a living wage. It is a cruel joke on the American worker to allow illegals to depress wages for many jobs below poverty level, and then to mock Americans for being reluctant to participate in the poverty.
8. Breaking the law is crime. Lawbreakers are criminals. Out of deference to the PC crowd, many like to use the term "undocumented workers"- as if illegals were merely missing a piece of bureaucratic paperwork. By the same logic, we can call a car thief an "undocumented driver. "Our immigration laws exist for good reasons: to protect our safety, our national sovereignty, our standard of living, our health, and our culture. Those who break them may "want a better life for themselves," but then again, so do all who enrich themselves by disregarding the law.
Many people who wish to immigrate honestly are waiting patiently. Granting privileges like driver's licenses and social security cards to illegals is a slap in the face to law-abiding citizens and immigrants alike. It's like opening an express window to give titles and owner's cards to car thieves, while making legitimate owners stand in line!
7. Open borders threaten our safety. Since the attacks of September 11, 2001, two things have become clear. First, we have enemies, and they are vicious and without conscience. Second, our enemies obviously believe that an attack from within is more feasible than an attack from without.
Even before the horrid events of September 11, our immigration laws had the primary purpose of protecting us. The use of visas and passports allows our government to monitor, and control who enters our country, and why.
Few illegal aliens are terrorists. But it only takes one! More importantly, the creeping ideology of open borders - the (usually unspoken) belief that treating foreigners who enter our country differently than we treat our own citizens is somehow "discriminatory" or "racist" - is creating a terrible dilemma: Either we cease to monitor the aliens (and open ourselves up for even worse attacks), or we create the "equality" of the police state by casting aside constitutional protections for citizens and monitoring everyone. The more resolutely we protect our borders against threats from without, the safer, and freer, we can live within them.
6. We’re a nation of 300 million; the Third World population is in the billions. Do the math.
Our country seems large, but its population is tiny compared to that of the Third World. China and India alone have seven times our population.
(Continued on Page 6)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 6 / September 2004: Volume 15, Number
cJti
i vn TOP BitASONS TO ENFORCE US IMMIGRATION LAWS	(Continuedfrom Page 5)
For whatever reasons, our society has succeeded in creating immense wealth where many others have created
fashionable to speak the truth about ^ truth must be spoken.
.mm
XT'S
dealing, lliuueuov nvwm	—---------
only poverty . An American welfare recipient would still be "rich" b\ the standards of most of the world.
One can't blame the citizens of countries who produce much less yvealth per capita than we for wanting to reap the benefits our forefathers have sown for us. But if we open the borders, our island of productivity and prosperity will soon disappear beneath a flood of Third World squalor.
5. American culture is worth preserving. Culture is more than operas and Shakespearian plays - it’s the sum total of the customs, beliefs, artistic creations, attitudes, goals, and norms that make a society what it is. It is passed down, as a treasure, from grandparent to parent to child. In other words, culture is what gives us our identity.
Some advocate "multiculturafrsm’’--creating a society in which multiple cultures exist side by side, and believe that "diversity" - having as many cultures as possible, with none dominant - is desirable.
The majority of the media elite believes that we need more multiculturalism and diversity; the majority of the population doesn't. Regardless of how anyone stands on this issue, the fact is that our society is already multicultural and diverse. Anyone who wishes to enjoy, and celebrate, the many cultures now coexisting in America need only visit any American city.
By contrast, genuine American culture - the Founding Fathers, the story of the pioneers and the winning of the West, the Pledge of Allegiance, Columbus Day, the Bill of Rights - is under constant assault. Some of our country’s detractors vilify all that is traditionally American, while others would reduce our traditions to one more example of quaint folklore beside those of other nations.
Russian culture can be found in Russia, Mexican culture in Mexico, multiculturalism in any major city... but where can one find American culture? Only in a place where Americans treasure it, and lovingly transmit it from generation to generation. Immigration laws should ensure that those who seek to live permanently on American territory be willing to adopt and preserve its culture. And they are useless unless they are enforced.
4. Ifs not your father's immigration. Previous generations romanticized immigration. The images are still with us: Starry-eyed Irish, Italian, Jewish, and Polish arrivees toting their bags and trunks onto shore at Ellis Island... The tablet at the base of the Statue of Liberty exhorting other nations to "Give me your tired, your poor..." The native-bom American learning to love pizza
and bagels.
That was then. This is now.
Yes, there are still many people in foreign lands who xarbor the "American dream," and who seek to come here o realize it.
Millions of illegal aliens, however, have attitudes and uotives very different from those of the immigrants in the ading black-and-white photos of yesteryear. It's not
—--------------------------■ W/£r/ J5
What makes this new breed of "imnu^o'O/ ; £ *
To begin with, they’re not "immigrating"^^ 8 sneaking in. They don't have an "American^ § cf & building this country; rather, though still loy^* j? * home nations, they want to exploit ours econox^ °
Many even dream of taking over regions of our cow^ and displacing us. There's already a word for this ^ Reconauista of Aztlan. If the members of this group intend to return home, yet have no loyalty to America, what should we call them? Certainly not' immigrants"
A "colonist" is a better term. Today’s colonists, like those of the past, want to build enclaves on American soil I from which they can expand their own wealth and power, I and that of their homeland, while drawing on the 1 resources that were created by the native population. How | can we welcome legitimate immigrants while keeping out colonists? By knowing who is coming here, and why, and I only admitting those whose presence is in our country s best interests. In other words, by enforcing immigration laws.
3.	It's an issue we can all come together on. Conservatives, traditionally, aim to preserve the valuable legacy of the past, and to protect freedom by limiting the power of government. Liberals seek to provide all citizens, even the most disadvantaged, with the opportunity to realize their full potential. Both have worthy goals, but often squabble over how to realize them.
Removing illegal aliens can give us the best of both worlds. We can preserve our traditional culture. And without resorting to costly and intrusive government programs, we can give our poor a genuine "hand up": as the glut of cheap labor dries up, those at the bottom rung of the economic ladder will suddenly find themselves able to climb higher without ruinous competition.
People of good will on the left and the right can only smile approvingly as the free market provides our unskilled and uneducated with a decent wage, and with a job market that welcomes instead of marginalizes them.
We can "live better than we did four years ago" and have a rebirth of national pride, as President Reagan wanted for us. And we can have a "New Deal" for our poor, a society where no American is left out, which were the ideals of President Roosevelt.
At last, we can come together. That’s what patriotism is all about.
2. We either face tough issues now, or tougher ones later. Immigration issues are complex. We need a national debate - which, judging by the 2004 primary and general Presidential campaigns, isn't happening. Most Americans, when confronted with the facts, will probably continue to want what they want now: strict enforcement of our immigration laws.
It won’t be easy. We'll have to find workable ways to deport illegal aliens without creating unnecessary hardships for those who have broken our immigration laws, and without creating severe dislocations for the unscrupulous employers who have benefited fium their
nn P/Hn
(Continued on Page 7)
HH
7*/
♦_fy
1 1 m
■
m
px Virginia Christian Israelite/PACE 7/September 2004: Volume 15, Number 9
£

to enforce us immi-
(Continuedfrom Page 6)
resencc. And, of course, we’ll have to counter, with quiet iason, die voices of those who scream ’’discrimination’’ r’’racism.’’
Some cringe at the challenges that await us. These challenges, however, pale in comparison to those that future generations will face if we fail to act. Imagine an overcrowded, impoverished America with shrinking wages and expanding burdens on the social service system. Imagine an America where millions of Americans have been driven out of their neighborhoods by throngs of foreign colonists who neither speak our language nor understand the culture that created American prosperity -but who deeply resent the poverty that inevitably results from their own unwillingness, or inability, to live as true Americans.
Will Americans be forced to tax away their own shriveling wealth, and to transfer it to the aliens within our borders, if they wish to appease the colonists' anger? Will the shrinking American middle class merge with the alien underclass to form a new "peasant culture" while a tiny American elite trembles behind the walls of heavily policed gated communities? Or will full-scale cultural and racial war break out? None of these possibilities is appealing. Nonetheless, a society is a reflection of the population that comprises it. If we, as an advanced society with a low birthrate, continue to import a Third World population with a high birthrate, we will become a Third World society, and will face the problems, which other Third World societies face as well.
Isn't it better to face the issue of illegal immigration now - and to do something about it?
... and the number one reason is:
1. We owe it to our kids and grandkids. Our children and grandchildren will marvel at the digitized archives of the TV shows of the 1950s and 1960s. They'll see a prosperous, free, united America - the envy of the world, a place anyone would be happy and proud to call home. This, they'll realize, was the legacy our grandparents and parents left us, the American citizens of the early 21st century.
How will the America we leave to our children stack up against the America our parents left to us? What will future generations think of us? Will we be known as the preservers and expanders of die beautiful legacy, or as its destroyers? By our actions or inactions, we're deciding which it will be. Right now.
Garrison gave us the most powerful and compelling reasons I have seen for each one of us to take actions for preserving our country. It behooves each of you to use your computer, telephone, radio station, TV station, letters to the editor of your newspaper and calls to every senator and congressman every week relentlessly to gain national focus on this immigration invasion. Democracy not a spectator sport. This nation is in danger of
is
becoming a Third World nightmare with all tM corruption, disease, illiteracy, violence and balkanization known all over the world. We need a 10-year moratonuml on all immigration to catch our collective breath and we need deportation of over 10 million illegal aliens in a I slow and orderly fashion.
This is your nation and this is your time to take action.
$ * $ * $ $ $
Frosty Wooldridge is a teacher and author and has bicycled 100,000 miles around the globe to see overpopulation up close and ugh Book due in late July: "IMMIGRATION'S UNARMED INVASION: DEADLY CONSEQUENCES." Frosty Wooldridge is a Senior Writing Fellow for CAPS.
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE (1) His concubine; (2) Moses; (3) Twenty-five; (4) Kadesh Bamea; (5) Mount Hot; (6) "The poor shall never cease out of the land."; (7) Seven; (8) Through the killing of Goliath: (9) Saul's Amaldrite bodyguard; (10) None; (11) Satan; (12) Eight; (13) Levi; (14) Nothing; (15) Nathan; (16) The temptation to rule the world; (17) The servant;
Misapplied Prayer
1 wince every time that 1 hear some grossly misapplied invocation of prayer. Lately I have been walking around with a permanent frown on my face. The last such event which contributed to my malady, was the mayor of Washington, D.C. stating that he was "praying" that major league baseball would move the hapless Montreal Expo's to this car-jacking, car theft, and murder capital city.
1 have no doubt that he was praying to "some deity," although I am not sure of just which one. I am not a proponent of the statement that "we all worship the same god." (little "g")
Is this some happening that we should pray for? Or, is a prayer for some football team to score a touchdown, or a whole host of other "misapplied prayers" something that we should be asking the God of the Bible (the God of Israel) for? I question the veracity of such a request. Most often, it is a personal invocation uttered in mere rhetoric with no feeling or sincerity, and just a sound of words.
We should not be misapplying the use of prayer for petty reasons. Our God does hear prayer, but it must be a sincere and meaningful prayer and it must be requested in a humble mode. Look around and consider the fools who are praying to some unknown deity for some innocuous happening. That is "misapplied prayer." Prepare your mind for prayer; and clear all extraneous thoughts before asking for anything.
PUBLICATIONS NOW AVAILABLE "Should a Christian Vote for a Non-Christian," James Saxon, (18 pages), and, "Jewish Persecution: Tool of the International Zionists' Plan for World Dominion," Jackie Patru, (14 pages), and,
The Myth of a Judeo-Christian Tradition, (8 pages) are now available upon request from THE CONGREGATIONS OF ISRAEL, P.0. Box 94, Round Hill, Virginia 20142 USA. The Congregations of Israel does not ship these materials to prison addresses except to affiliate prison ministry congregations.
TV Virginia Christian	Israelite/ PAQE 8 / September 2004: Volume 15, Number 9
THE FALL FESTIVAL DATES
OF THE TRUE ISRAEL PEOPLE
FEAST OF TRUMPETS: September 16 DAT OF ATONEMENT: September 25 TABERNACLES: September 30 to October 7
■■IIIMIBMBWMIBatgi
V;
hK
Israeli Racial Exclusion Law Draws
Attention
*Tolerant' Zionists have theplanetfs only specifically racially and religiously 'pure* State
NEWS YOU MAY HAVE
ISRAEL BEGINS WALL " Cutting into Jesus*Birthplace
By Reuters News Service
In the Bethlehem area, the cement rampart will separate thousands of Palestinians from farmland as it twists and turns to take in Jewish Settlements. By looping into north Bethlehem to create a corridor from Jerusalem to Rachel’s Tomb, the barrier will also isolate nearby Palestinian residents, mainly Christians, from the town center with its Church of the Nativity, revered as Jesus’ birthplace. Should Christians care? Should anyone care?
Amnesty International and other human rights organizations have condemned Israel’s extension of a controversial racial purity law aimed at preventing non-Jewish population increases in Israel. The law stops Palestinian spouses of Israeli Arab citizens assuming Israeli citizenship. (Israeli 'Arabs', are the descendants of remnant Palestinian populations not driven out during the massive Zionist ethnic cleansing operations of the late 1940s).
Says an Arab report, ’’The law has forced many Israeli Arab citizens and residents of Arab East Jerusalem who hold Israeli identification papers to five illegally with their Palestinian spouses in Israel or move to the occupied West Bank and Gaza. For couples that decide to stay in Israel, their Palestinian spouses have no health insurance or other social rights and "every day fear arrest, expulsion and separation from their spouses or children," the London-based watchdog [AI] said."
While the stated reason for the law is "security," the genuine issue is the massive population growth of Palestinians, who are out-breeding Jews at an astounding rate. The result is a series of desperate measures to import Jews into Israel while keeping Palestinians out, programs that would be condemned as irredeemingly "racist" were White nations to attempt similar measures.
The Zionist double standard on race is felt everywhere in die White world, where the powerful Zionist lobbies support massive Third World immigration, dismantling of traditional social standards, and repression of opposition. Meanwhile in Israeli, the racially-aware Zionist garrison state practices ethnic cleansing and racial discrimination on a massive scale, while receiving billions in US tax dollars annually.
* * * * * * *
A COMMENTARY BY THE VCI We hove noticed in an ever-increasing manner that what is apparently good for the Talmudists in the Israeli, is not applicable to situations and conditions in this American nation. And this includes everything from immigration, to gun control, and to so-called "civil" and "human rights."
How long do we have to wait for the Evangelicals and Fundamentalists, and their stooge politicians, to come to their senses and open their eyes to what is going on?
Figures don rt lie, but liars figure The FBI says Whites were 53 % of murderers in Los Angeles in 2002
You don't believe it? It's in the FBI's Supplemental Homicide Report: File listing 2002, pages 13 to 31. This is the latest FBI data available, it was released in March 2004.
In the column of race of the offender the FBI counts of murderers are as follows:
Whites 314 Blacks 213 Asians 7
Because this is California, there is a special column, "column E." California uses E to list whether a person is "Hispanic" or not. If Hispanic, it's marked with an "H," and if it's not it is mark with an "N."
Guess what? 288 of the 314 "Whites" are actually "Hispanics" (really basically Mongoloid, Asiatic derived "Indians"). Leaving only 26 non-Hispanic "Whites," (remember this government classification includes European Whites, Arabs, North Africans, Jews, Turks, Iranians, etc.).
Only Texas and California forward "E" statistics to the FBI. All other states just automatically count Hispanic as White. When the FBI compiles summary statistics comparing Black and White killers they ignore E.
For example: The FBI's Uniform Crime Report for 2002 says there were 5,579 Black killers, 5,356 White killers, and 274 other killers. In other words 50 % of killers are Black, 48% are White and 2% are classified as other race.
That is a lie. When the FBI says "White," they mean Whites and Hispanics combined. Substitute the words "White and Hispanics combined" for "White." Thus, 50% of the killers were Black, and 48 % were White and Hispanic combined.
Lets review Los Angeles, after adjusting the false "White" column for Hispanics:
LA Killers in 2002: Source FBI
Race	Number	%
White	26	4.8 %
Hispanic	228	53.4%
Black	218	40.5 %
Asian	7	1.3 %
Total	539	100.0 %
"The wages of sin is death. Repent before payday."
Ill Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 9 / September 2004: Volume 15, Number 9
^£ law LECTURE #3
Stephen Contrado, Th.M.
12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
Hie Bible is a handbook that condemns hypocrisy and oppression. The purpose of law is to protect man from oppression. Its purpose is not to institute equality. But we live in a decadent nation that negates liberty and imposes repressive egalitarian laws under the pretext of social justice. What a terrible delusion this pretext is. The false justice the nation is spreading is man-made. It violates the spirit of the United States Constitution whose justice is the "laws of nature and nature’s God." The words of the prophet Jeremiah aptly fit this nation, "Ye defiled my K land, and made mine heritage an abomination" ■ (Jeremiah 2: 7),
Oppression’s main victims have always been the righteous and the poor. Consider Esau, who sold his birthright, and persecuted Jacob, who worshiped the true God. The land is full of horrendous crimes because the government has passed evil laws. It has denied liberty and made a people unfit to employ it. With a ciy of "separation of church and state" liberals have thrown out moral principles and drunk the poison of secular humanism which is relativism and crass materialism. This is not surprising or anything new. Jesus warned his disciples of persecution (John 16:1-2). The English historian and statesman, Thomas Macaulay (1800-1859) said, "Have not almost all the governments in the world always been in the wrong on religious subjects?"
What is wrong with the United States today can hardly be voiced. The Government cannot afford to permit religious liberty. Today, giving out Christian literature at a post office is unlawful. Liberal politicians are admitting what they mean by equality is the abolition of liberty. They say if you speak out against liberal values (affirmative action, abortion, pornography, gay marriage, gun control, racial quotas, etc.) government has a right to stop you. The Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act prohibits nonprofit organizations (e.g., IRS 501(c)(3) churches) from publicizing their views on candidates during election campaigns, and by extension at all. Government will refuse licensing to conservative media and tie them up in costly lawsuits that make their work unsustainable. It has closed some. Bill Bradley and Dick Gephardt proposed amendments that would have repealed the free speech clause of the First Amendment. We see a state engaged in religious persecution reminiscent of the idolatrous Egyptians persecuting the Hebrews in the days of Moses. Americans should know the Founding Fathers intended "separation of church and state" as a protection of Christian liberty.
Liberals conduct an out-and-out campaign to stamp out Christian values. Thus morally bankrupt liberal politicians, academia, and other professionals attempt to use force because they cannot persuade others into accepting their views. When others are stronger than themselves liberals believe others ought to tolerate them, but when liberals are stronger than others they believe it is their duty to persecute error Be prepared to think, feel, and act as they do! Don't hesitate, question, or doubt! If
you cannot wear the liberal garb, go naked (an approved liberal style)! If you can’t take their medicine, die!
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
1.	According to Genesis 25:1, Abraham's second wife
was Keturah. According to 1 Chronicles 1:32 what was Keturah?
2.	In Exodus 33:20, God tells Moses that no man can
see God's face. According to Exodus 33:11, what man saw God's face to face?
3.	The Levites entered the service of the sanctuary at
age thirty - according to Numbers 4:3. At what age, according to Numbers 8:24, did they enter the service?
4.	The mission of the twelve Israelite spies started from
Paran - according to Numbers 13:3. In Numbers 20:1 where does the mission start?
5.	According to Deuteronomy 10:6, Aaron died at
Moserah. Where according to Numbers 20:28, did he die?
6.	Deuteronomy 15:4 says, "There shall be no poor
among you." What does Deuteronomy 15:11 say?
7.	According to 1 Samuel 16:10-11, David had eight
brothers. How many in 1 Chronicles 2:13-15 did he have?
8.	In 1 Samuel 16:19-21, David comes to know Saul by
being employed as his harpest. In 1 Samuel 17, how does David come to know Saul?
9.	In 1 Samuel 31:3-4, Saul takes his own life after
being wounded. In 2 Samuel 1, who claims he actually killed Saul?
10.	Absalom had, according to 2 Samuel 14:27, three
sons. How many did he have according to 2 Samuel 18:18?
11.	The Lord moved David to number the people of Israel
according to 2 Samuel 24:1. Who, in the story in 1 Chronicles 21 moved David to do this?
12.	According to 2 Kings 24:8, King Jehoiachin was 18
years old when he began to reign. How old was he in the account in 2 Chronicles 36:9?
13.	Samuel was an Ephraimite, according to 1 Samuel 1.
What tribe was he from in the account in 1 Chronicles 6?
14.	According to 2 Chronicles 33:13-16, evil King
Manasseh repented of his sins after being held captive in Babylon. What does the parallel account in 2 Kings 21 say about this repentance?
15.	In Matthew's genealogy of the Messiah, Jesus is
descended from David's son Solomon. What son of David in Luke's account is Jesus' ancestor?
16.	In Luke's account of the temptation of Jesus, the last
temptation is to jump from the pinnacle of the temple. What is the last temptation in Matthew's version?
17.	According to Matthew 8:5-13, a centurion asks that
his servant be healed. In Luke 7:2-11, who does the asking?
(Please find the answers on Page 7)