m
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Box 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142

Scotland
wmm	&	IWX
\:&V Scandinavia'
L
fc* ,»
V* f(-*. Southern Russia •
JULY 1998: Volume 9, Number 7
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict than anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
SPORTS: THE NEW RELIGION
Pastor CHUCK KUHLER, Virginia Christian Israelites
It is not very often that we have the opportunity to witness the birth of a new religion, especially one of such a significant scope, and in making this statement I am referring to the phenomenal growth of organized SPORTS. Organized sports can run from the professional lev/el right on down to the pee-wee groups which are for pre-school infants.
It has become a religion because so many are dedicated to being observers and/or participants while at the same time forgetting about Yahweh our God and the most important redemption by the shed blood of His Son.
I hesitate to name the various sports because I know I will surely forget some if not many, lile do have football, baseball, basketball, volleyball, tennis, golf, track and field, wrestling, boxing; horse, dog, and auto racing, hockey, and surely many that have not quickly come to mind.
We have professional sporting events that occupy much of the broadcast (video and audio) media - here in the Washington, DC area, an average of over eighty hours per week on the various network and independent stations (not including the cable network which runs round the clock).
Then in a few weeks, we will have additional coverage of collegiate football, followed shortly thereafter by college basketball lasting until something called ’‘March madness” in which a number of college teams take over the broadcast media for a number of weeks with hundreds of ’’heathen youth” running back and forth on a basketball court. It is not a case where adult individuals are rooting for "their” alma mater, but they are being led to "watch” just for the sake of entertainment.
In the Fall, the Sunday afternoon professional football games have taken over as the ritualistic adoration of ’’teams” and "players," to the elimination of the worship of our God.
And for those who do manage to go to some form of church, mainly out of habit, there is consternation if the preacher exceeds ten minutes for the sermon message and if there is a baptism or some other religious ceremony which delays the end of the service. I even know of a local church which changed their normal Sunday service to an earlier time so that those members would not miss the start of a local Washington Redskin game. In other words, God, I am sorry but we have to change the service time, and shorten the sermon so that your people can see the opening kickoff. Furthermore, why is it that the pastor of the same church delivered a sermon message imploring God to help the same football team in their endeavors. What does this have to do with the worship of God and the instruction of God's people?
If these actions on the part of our Israel people, and these actions by God’s ministers do not constitute a new religion, I don’t know what you could call it.
I find it very difficult to find any mention of "sports" or "sporting contests" in the Bible. I have personally searched throughout the scriptures and without some stretching of the details of the event, there is nothing available. The Tyndale Bible Encyclopedia (a respected work) allows for the fact that in ancient Israel, the Hebrews (Israelites) had little time, or inclination, for physical sports. There is nothing which would indicate that Abraham or his descendants were involved in sporting events. This is not to say that there must have been running, throwing and hunting contests on occasions. And of course, the one specific that can be found in Genesis 32:24-26, involving the wrestling match between Jacob and the One who would become the Christ. The Jewish historian, Flavius Josephus writing in the Antiquities of the Jews makes mention of the sports inclination of the Greeks from whence come our modern Olympic games.
[Continued on Page 2]
PAGE 2
SPORTS* The New Religion [Continued from Page 1 ]
After much study into this phenomenon, I would feel edMfortable in saying that sports, as a paid profession was unknown among God’s people in the Old Testament, Even the existence of amateur sporting events on | grand and huge scale in large arenas were anathema to the way of life of God’s Israelite people.
In 1 Maccabees we first learn of the introduction of ^parting contests into the ancient Israel land by the &reek, Alexander the Great (by this time Israel had been deported by Assyria), and later by the Roman Antiochus Epiphanes (about 169 B.C.). It was considered at that time the ’’practices of the heathen” (see 1 Maccabees 1:10-15). Spectator sports, at that time were considered the ’’practices of the heathen." And, what does Yahweh our God tell us about adopting the ways, practices, and customs of the heathen? In Deuteronomy 12:29-31, our Heavenly Father tells us: "When the Lord thy God shall cut off the nations from before thee, whither thou goest to possess them, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their land; Take heed to thyself that thou be not snared by following them, after that they be destroyed from before thee; and thou enquire not after their gods, saying, how did these nations serve their gods? Even so will I do likewise. Thou shalt not do so unto Yahweh thy Elohim: for every abomination to Yahweh which He hateth have they done unto their gods...”
If sports have any value, why are they not mentioned by God? Did God intend for sports to become such a serious matter that they eclipsed the worship due Him? There is perhaps nothing wrong with competitive sports on an informal basis, but as the sporting attitude increases in crescendo, it becomes an abomination (sin). Years ago, as a youth, we would get together and choose III sides for a ballgame which was played in a rough field with rocks and pieces of wood for bases. The game would last for two innings or twenty innings until we had to go home for dinner. Every time, the teams would consist of different boys. Today everything must be "realistic” - uniforms, rules, equipment, etc.
Yahweh wants Israel to be different from the rest of the world. Remember* in Leviticus 20:26, Yahweh said: "And ye shall be holy unto Me: for I, Yahweh am holy, and have severed you from other people, that ye should be Mine.” We are a peculiar and special people - we are to remain separate amd different from other people -we are Yahweh*s. We are not to be like others (heathen) in the world. We are not to follow pagan practices and customs and ceremonies by partaking of heathen events and that includes competitive sports...it is the way of pagan Greece and pagan Rome, and other pagan lands. For these customs, the peoples of those lands were defiled in the eyes of our Heavenly Father. God does not enjoy and appreciate truth mixed with paganism. He does not want His word mixed with heathen customs and practices, nor His Laws mixed with pagan relics and customs.
Today, our nation is in serious trouble, and we as a
July 1998: Voy, <5
y

Have \
0) Jj
the Ruz/ 5
w
people are being assaulted from all sides, h* been so designed to keep our minds and heart?** elsewhere, instead of towards our God? learned from past events? The contests in Coliseum became more violent and bloody as the Ronw/ Empire sank into the quagmire of decadence. The Romans were more concerned with the blood and gore from the arena, than with the fact that their governmental system was disintegrating. Have we in the United States of America reached the same level of deteriorization?
Do you really get ’’entertained” by watching a group of non-Israelites involved in some sporting event? hie still have a little more compassion than did the Romans | ...we don’t kill our athletic losers. We preserve them I to compete another day.
Yahweh has referred to this world as "Babylon the Great.” The customs and ways of this world, including our theological observations are pagan in nature and scope, as are many other traditions. Should ue be participating as spectators in these overpriced eventsf supporting those who are involved to huge salaries of millions of dollars? Is this what Yahweh our Father^ wants?
"Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbeliever^ for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion hath light with darkness? And what concord hath Christ with Belial? Or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel? And what agree-j
ment hath the temple of God with idols? For ye are the! temple of the living God; as Yahweh hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Wherefore, come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith Yahweh, and] touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.® (2 Corinthians 6:14-17).	^
I have yet to find where and how today’s sporting I contests yield honor to Yahweh-God and His Laws. All that happens is that Israel (God’s elect) are diverted away from God, and spend their time and resources in pursuit of non-Godly functions. Why glorify the ways of the heathen? Isn't it time to take a stand for your God?
"Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues” (Revelation 18:4).
Television audiences have possibly peaked in 1996, and even with the introduction of new sporting events such as professional women's basketball, the number of people viewing sports has been in a decline for the past year. Whether this is a long-term trend or a short-term happening is as of yet unknown. Perhaps this ia a part of the awakening to reality of our people. We would hope this is indeed the fact. Only time will tell, and we feel that we are rapidly running out of time as we approach the end of this age.
« $ « * »
PRAY LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS UPON ir ™ IT QQ£||

PAGE 3
July 1998: Volume 9, Plumber 7
9
jk,
M
W
-mi Christian Israelite
The False Separation of Church & State
There are those who continue to insist that the Constitution of the United States contains language with respect to the "separation of church and state." They obviously quote this rhetoric without ever having taken the time to see just what is stated in the Constitution with regard to this matter. In actuality, the language is found in Article 1 (the first Amendment), proposed on September 25, 1789 and adopted on June 15, 1790 and reads as follows:
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."
This obviously has absolutely nothing to do with the separation of church and state. It was an effort, on the part of the founding fathers, to prevent a "state church" such as was and is found in the Anglican Church
in England where the "church" is under the monarchy [Could you perceive Bill Clinton as the "head" of all religion in America?]. Of course, only a certain category of people are pushing the "separation theory," and then only when it is of no benefit to themselves. For instance, our tax dollars go to support a Jewish (Zionist) state in the Israeli. Shouldn't this be abolished under the separation of church and state concept? After all, Christianity is persecuted and harassed and suppressed in the Israeli, to the full promotion of an anti-Christian Judaic religion based upon the Talmud. We have forgotten our God in this nation! He has given us the bounty and the resources and the blessings which none other in the world possess. We have the responsibility, the obligation, and the duty to include God in our daily lives and to make Him the centerpiece and focal point of our nation and our nation's business. Let's remember to keep God in our thoughts and hearts in these times. Separation is indeed unwise and untruth*

...’W&eume wo eamswioH d
WHICH	TUB IMS Of NATURE AnO NfllU&'s
gop etmue THfflm now mse
? TRUTHS.,.. THAT /Hi mN A& CRemP
am, that im mmvwsvw thqr creator mth c&nm k. Rights,,,. /nwtNa i> ihb smm * juo<te of w	wRiv...mo m i
support ofihis DB mth
Ftp/* mmce on the ?nvmiot4 of ■
QNltfe PRA/IP£MC6,(,"
CuuL M tikt Pec&ztefiac uxzo be## SaMuel tMawuaM....


" we have this m Rest&pep the SovereigkI to whcm all men ought
to £E 06EPICNT. HE REIMS' jM HEAVEN, AMP fffaW
THE RISING-To 7HE
SETT/Md Of THE SUM l&T HlS KINGPOIW COME *

£S THATSOUND LIKE MEN WHO 010N'T KNOW THE LORD?
—IN 1788, JAWES MAPIS0N SAID:
me ham stamp	ThFuruRe... upon
The CAPA 071 OF	EACH OF US
To c>o\jfw ouKsems, n sustain}
OURSELVES,	ftCCOPPiNS It) THF TON
CONIAHANONENTS OF
— IN 1789, (reoRGe WASHINGTON SAIP ••------.
"iNHfR£f}6 rr is w piny of all nations t&
ACKhJOlVceoGe THO FKOVtPOUCe OF ACMIGHTi
Qoo, jo o&ey ms me, to oe
FOR HIS	BENEFITS ANO HUMBLY 70	IMPLORE
HIS PROTECTION,	AID ANO	FAVOR
he Virginia (Christian Israelite
PAGE 4
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
Who built the first altar?
2. What military leader was killed while holding onto the horns of the altar?
tnok of the Bible mentions a talking altar?
;:%tKit sacrificed his much-loved son on an altar, but was stopped by an angel?
5% What king of ludah tore down Jereboam’s altar at Bethel and pounded the stones into dust?
H We built an altar and called it "The Lord is my
■pttt kind of stone was, according to the Law, not Supposed to be used in making an altar?
B» What was the altar in the tabernacle made of?
Wk Which of the twelve tribes caused civil war when they built a magnificent altar on the banks of the Jordan?
IB. Bra judge built an altar and called it ’’The Lord is Peace"?
11.	tWwt king of Israel built a Baal altar to please his pagan wife?
12.	Itfnat judge’s parents saw an angel going up to heaven in the flames on the altar?
13.	ftfmt judge and prophet built an altar to the Lord at Ranah?
14* IWiat king was told to built an altar in a threshing piece?
15.	tWnat rebellious son of David sought refuge from Solomon by holding onto the horns of the altar?
16.	Ifio took bones out of tombs and burned them on an altar to defile it?
1?. Who had a vision of the Lord standing beside the altar?
1£. Whit king of Israel changed the religious institu-
the country by building an altar at
15. Whwt good king's birth was foretold hundreds of years before the fact by a prophet standing before the altar at Bethel?
20# Whet happened to Jeroboam’s altar when he ordered his men to seize a prophet in f rent of it?
W# What leader was told to tear down his father’s altar to Baal?
2# What god’s priests danced around the altar while hey cut themselves with knives and daggers?
3# Whet prophet triumphed when Cod consumed the offering on the altar and shamed the prophets of Baal?
ft# What priest of Juctah placed a money box near the temple's alter?
who built an altar and named it for £1, the Cod of Israel?
I# Whet evil king of Judah built an altar modeled on the altars of Syria?
jjjfjfj fwbuiit the Jerusalem altar when the exiloe returned to Israel {Judea)?
Please turn to Mage 6 for the anaaeira)
di
4J
K
to J
1
UJ
1 1 * I
H
£
i
UJ
0 a
» 2 £ i
FALSE PROPHETS MtoWi
'K

"Thou shalt not raise a false reports put hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous
"Keep thee far from a false matter; and the inr***^ and righteous slay thou not# for I will not justify the wicked•"
The above verses can be found in Exodus 23:1,7 ant are perhaps most applicable today to some of our minis ters and pastors who fancy themselves, for one reasol or another, to be prophets of the most high God# Ob course the criteria for a true prophet divinely inspir-j ed is that their prophesy come to pass# On the otheJ hand, the false prophets prophesize blindly and most! inaccurately, without consideration for the penalty of! being a false prophet - that of being stoned to death# There are some amongst us today who like to consider themselves prophets, spreading lies and unfounded tales and who are causing both confusion and consternation among our people# Host of these charlatans, unfortunately, have a significant following among believers who are seeking answers to many of the conditions and situations that we encounter today# There have been many, over the course of centuries, who have through alleged prophesy (and sometimes prediction) claimed to be aware of significant and specific dates for the word of Scripture to be fulfilled. To my knowledge, not one of these has come true. This is not to infer that all of these people are evil, for perhaps some have misinterpreted scripture# The main consideration is however that they are totally discredited.
I direct your attention to the answer given to the disciples when they inquired of the Messiah of the sign of His second coming (His return), and of the end of the world (as we know it), as found in Matthew 24, and known as the Olivet Discourse#
While it is necessary to read this entire chapter to gain a full and complete understanding of the message, there are some verses which stand out with regard to this article. In verse 11, we read, "And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many." (see verses 23 and 24 also). Is this not a condition which
we see today?
In verse 33, Christ tells us: "So likewise ye, ye shall see all these things, know that it (Christ) near, even at the doors."
Then in verse 36, we are informed: "But of end hour knowsth no man, but my Father only." clearer could this be? The date and hour is man. We can discern the seasons and arrive elusion thst the end is near, but we the exact date and t ime.
Be not misled by the false pn among us today« Look up for y QM nigh,#.keep your faith in iff
Israelite
PAGE 5
July 1998: Volume 9, Number 7
Kh
▼	vM	i	sn
ET PROPHETIC PORTENTS
by U E. ERNST Bible Researcher
America’s day of reckoning is very near, Yahweh, Himself, is about to prosecute His controversy with Zion. But few there are who comprehend the immensity of the impending national judgment, and its origin...or the signs which herald its approach.
The signs abound: A vile person in the White House, ©ascendants of Esau-Edom and Canaan in the key positions, all over the world. Freedom-loving people, everywhere, betrayed. U.S. armed forces, handed over to the H beast. A Congress with no more legitimate claim to a continued existence. Tens of millions of denizens in our cities, communities, and factories. Hosts of alien troops on our military bases and wilderness areas. I computerized banking, communications, and power generation and distribution infrastructure which will not survive the 20th century. ’’Federalization" (’emergency’ military rule by Federal Agencies in lieu of local governments) decreed in numerous Presidential Executive Orders, e.g. E013083-Way 14, 1998. Explanation-defying, devastating weather: Killer tornadoes; Baseball-sized hail. Unforcasted storms, stalling over areas, for days; Sustained lightning strikes, with no rain. Fires burning out of control. FEMA (the Waster "Emergency" Agency), flexing its martial law muscles in Florida. Entire populations deported from their homes. Huge poured-concrete buildings ("XXX Distribution Centers") with their huge water tanks, materializing in strategic areas. Land-and-water grabs, disguised as Clinton/Gore solicitude for "American Heritage Rivers". Fiscal bankruptcy and irredeemable debt. A media of misinformation. A prostituted press. College-educated ignoramuses. Woral bankruptcy:	A	culture	of porn-
ography; Proliferation of perverts; Rampant miscegenation; Cold-blooded murder of unborn babies. These are but a few of the unmistakable omens of our imminent national calamity...ominous shadows cast by yet-unseen events, which are-to-be. Wost are aware of them. Wany are disturbed by them. Some point their fingers (or their pens) at their apparent perpetrators. Others make merchandise of them in newsletters, prophetic broadcasts or the Internet. Few recognize their own personal accountability for our cultural situation, or for the things which will soon come to pass. Fewer still can bear to contemplate the horrors heralded by these portents... prophetic horrors which Yahweh will soon unleash on an unsuspecting and smug Christian people.
Unsuspecting, because they do not know to whom the prophecies are directed. They consider themselves to be Gentiles. Forecasted punishments intended for Jacob and Israel, for Jerusalem and Zion will, they believe -in a manner unexplained (and inexplicable) - be fulfilled in a people vaguely defined as Jews. They do not relate themselves, spiritually or physically, with
Jacob/Israel.
s "Hear, 0 heavens, and give ear, 0 earth: for YAHlilEH hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me. The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master’s crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider" (Isaiah 1:2-3).
I "For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the ethnic peoples be come in" (Romans 11:25).
•	"He sheweth his word unto Jacob, his statutes
and judgments unto Israel. He hath not dealt so with any nation: and as for his judgments, they have not known them. HalleluYAH!" (Psalm 147:19-20).
•	"For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine
elect, I have even called thee Christian: I surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me.
I am Yahweh and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me: (Isaiah 45:4-5).
Smug, because they believe that they are destined for "glory" and not for "tribulation," (which is to be the lot of others). They, themselves, are to be secretly "raptured," before the judgment begins ( a belief which prevails despite Paul's admonition to Thessalon-ica:	(see: 1 Thessalonians 3:3-4), and the Apostle
Peter's unequivocal statement to the contrary: (see:
1 Peter 4:17-18). They boast of their supposed atatus: "sinners, saved by grace," never considering what "sin" actually is (see: 1 John 3:4). Astonishingly, they claim that it's only delineator - the Law (see: Romans 7:7) - has been done away with, or "nailed to the tree" ...something for the Jews (but not for themselves) to be bound by...a "yoke of bondage." Their concept of "grace" is also twisted from its Scriptural foundations to a man-made construction which proclaims that grace is Divine license to ignore all of Yahweh's commandments. Christians, confident - their sins not withstanding - that they are already "saved," go on their lawless ways, oblivious to the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments.
I "Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the preacher also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy denominations*.
My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will reject thee, that thou shalt be no minister to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of God,
I will also forget thy children. As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame" (Hosea 4:5-7).
Jacob/Israel has been duped by mainstream denomina-
[Continued on Page 7]
PAG

}
FORGIVENESS
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
The best place to start a discussion of forgiveness is with a discussion of baptism. Baptism is the basis of the sacrament of penance of many Christian churches that includes contrition, confession, acceptance of punishment, and absolution. Baptism incorporates a convert into the Body of Christ. Thus, he or she, can expect the fulfillment of all the promises of Jesus concerning spiritual perfection and eternal life. John the Baptist taught, "Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand...and then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judea and all the region round about the Jordan and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins" (Matthew 3:2-6). Penance renews baptismal innocence for those who sin, restoring them to Christ, and trains the conscience to obey Yahweh. Sin excludes us from God, but baptism and penance bring us back.
The Bible is clear on through whom forgiveness is granted. "The God of our fathers raised up Jesus...to give repentence to Israel, and forgiveness of sins" (Acts 5:30,31). [See also 1 John 1:1,2] And Hark states "The Son of Han has authority to forgive sins" (Mark 2:10). Penance brings man back to God, as in the parable of the prodigal son, the son to his father. The prophet Micah says that the Lord "delighteth in mercy" (Micah 7:18).
But baptism isn't the climax of the story of forgiveness: the cross is! The many sacrifices of the Old Testament (e.g. Passover) prefigured the sacrifice of the Messiah, Jesus. Christ's sacrifice of himself on the cross won our salvation by cleansing us of sin.
Sin has a social dimension. The sinner hurts himself, those he wrongs, and God because they are all His possessions, [see: Leviticus 16:21-22] Israel had to make atonement each time the covenant was transgressed. Jesus Christ brought the conplete reconciliation of God and man. Read about atonement in Romans 5. Paul declares, "Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ."
Today, liberal and atheistic authorities pervert the concept of forgiveness to mean acceptance of sin. They say everyone has a right to choose his or her own values and life style. They profess sin as normal and natural behavior (calling violence a rebellious stage, greed a career orientation, and perversion as love), denying error, fault and guilt. Liberal theologians use many passages from scripture to profess non-Christian interests. Modern government has convinced liberal so-called Christians to follow the Marxist and Zionist one-world agenda because sin has such a hold on the nation. This policy negates repentence and bars national restoration, What happened to the command, "Go, and do not sin again" as found in John 8*11? Believe it or not, good Christians are commanded to confront faults
July 1998: vol J
(see Leviticus 19:17 and Matthew 18:15).
Early Christians believed they could receive^ sacrament of penance only once. The early church madll reconciliation a public ritual and the penance imposed on the penitent was severe. Moreover penance was reconciling oneself with both the community and God. It was a church celebration, not merely a private confession before a priest. Those churches excommunicated sinners who committed grave sins and excluded them from receiving the Lord's supper. The sick sought penance for healing. The spiritually and mentally afflicted sought it for God's mercy. And the devout sought penance for deepening conversion. For some, regular confessions became the rule.
Repentence comes from the Greek word metanoia, which signifies a complete change of mind and attitude and turning away from sin toward God - resolving not to repeat sinning. It is futile to attempt to hide sins from God. "Be sure your sin will find you out" (Numbers 32:23). There is also a proverb on confession: "He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confes-seth and forsaketh them shall have mercy" (Proverbs 28:13).
The Bible distinguishes fault from sin. Faults should be confessed to one another: "Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed" (James 5:16). Christian duty requires the confessing of fault be done with humility and shrewdness. "Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted" (Galatians 6:1).
Forgiving men their trespasses (Matthew 6:14,15) can be more fully acomplished by setting limits and examples of righteous conduct and association, which frees the mind to worship God, not being obsessed with negatives and nonproductive thoughts. Mark says to forgive when praying (Mark 11:25). Psalm 51 is a good model of confession and you are urged to read it. But never excuse sin, try to hide it, or blame someone else for it like Adam and Eve, and then also, Cain (Genesis 3:12,13 and 4:9). Turn to Yahweh for forgiveness.
Answers to Testing Your Bible Knowledge - from page 4 (1) Noah, Genesis 8:20; (2) Joab, 1 Kings 2:28-34; (3) Revelation, 16:7; (4) Abraham, Genesis 22:9; (5)josiah, 2 Kings 23:15; (6) Moses, Exodus 17:15; (7) Cut stones. Exodus 20:25; (8) Acacia wood covered with bronze, Exodus 27:1; (9) Reuben, Gad, & part of Manasseh, Joshua 22:1; (10) Gideon, Judges 6*24; (11) Ahab, 1 Kings 16* 32; (12) Samson's, Judges 13:20; (13) Samuel, 1 Samuel 7:17;	(14) David, 2 Samuel 24:18; (15) Adonijah, 1
Kings 1*50; (16) Josiah, 2 Kings 23:16; (17) Amos, 9*1; (18) Jeroboam, 1 Kings 12:32; (19) Josiah's, 1 Kings 13:2; (20) It fell apart and the ashes scattered, 1 Kings 13:5;	(21)	Gideon, Judges 6:25; (22) Baal's,
1	Kings 18*26-29| (23)Elijah, 1 Kings 18; (24)jehoiada,
2	Kings 12:9| (25) Jacob, Genesis 33*20; (26) Ahaz, 2. Kings 16110; (27) The priest Joshua, Ezra 3:2.
PAGE 7
July 1998: Volume 9, Number
H
---- .	from	Page	5]
uhrlstian ministers.
who are themselves the -serving lap dogs (Isaiah 56t 10-11) of a carefully-
r f rated, ubiquitous, long-standing, antinomian I gnostic], unscriptural, dispensational theology.
A wonderful and horrible thing is committed in the land; The theologians prophesy falsely, and the Christian ministers exercise sway by their means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof?” (Jeremiah 5:30-31
• "Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.
They build up Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with iniquity. The heads thereof judge for reward, and the Christian ministers thereof teach for hire, and the theologians thereof divine for money:	yet will they lean upon
YAHUJEH, and say. Is not YAHWEH among us? none evil can come upon us. Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps.• (Micah 3:9-12)
What is the origin of the portents enumerated above? Who gave Jacob for a spoil, and Israel to the robbers? did not YAHWEH, he against whom we have sinned? for they would not walk in his ways, neither were they obedient unto his Law (Isaiah 42:24). Our puppet president is not the cause of our problems. Neither are the liberty-hating, God—defying sons of Esau—Edom/Canaan, who have - since 1861 and especially since 1914 - with the
complicity of traitorous western leaders, been making good on Esau’s threat to kill his brother, Jacob...by murdering our kinsmen throughout the world, as a bloody prelude, not to say a dress rehearsal, to their homicidal designs for the children of Israel in these United States. These are the preliminary curses of Leviticus 26 and Deuteronomy 28, visited on our sinful, Christian nation, by Yahweh. They are but the prophesied effects of our myriad transgressions against His immutable Law...the symptoms of a Satanic global rebellion against the Most High. They will soon culminate in a time of trouble the likes of which this world has never seen. ’’Except those days be shortened” says our Saviour, "no flesh would survive. But for the sake of the Elect, those days will be shortened.”
Other prophesies dovetail with Yahshua’s dire prophecy, to provide a clearer picture of the unprecedented time of trouble which we are now facing:
• Myoe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the
oppressing city! She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction; she trusted not in Yahweh; she drew not near to her God. Her politicians within her are roaring lions; her judgm are evening wolves* th.y leave nothing till the next day. Her theologians are light and treacherous Person., her Christisn minis-ters have polluted the sanctuary, they have dor* violence to the Uw. The Just Yahah if in
the midst thereof; he will not do inequity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not; but the unjust knoweth no shame. I have cut off the nations: their battlements are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are destroyed, so there is no man, that there is none inhabitant. I said. Surely thou wilt fear me thou wilt receive instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings. Therefore wait ye upon me saith YAHWEH, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy” (Zephaniah 3:1-8).
■ ”As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people” (Proverbs 28:15).
• ”liioe unto you that desire the day of Yahweh! to
what end is it for you? the day of Yahweh is darkness, and not light. As if a man did flee from a lion, and a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him” (Amos 5:18-19).
•	’’Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a
leopard by the way I will observe them: I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them” (Hosea 13:7-8),
•	"And the beast which I saw was like a leopard,
and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority" (Revelation 13:2).
•	"For the time is come that judgment must begin
at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? (1 Peter 4:17-18).
•	"And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's
sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved" (Matthew 10:22).
•	"Alas! for that day is great, so that none is
like it: it is even the time of Jacob’s trouble; but he shall be saved out of itw(jeremiah 30:7).
I "But now saith Yahweh that created thee, 0 Jacob, and he that formed thee, 0 Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee Christian; thou art mine” (Isaiah 43:1),
e "0 Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help** (Hosea 13:9),
[Continued on Page 8]
PAGE 8
July 1998: Volume	7
PROPHETIC PORTENTS [Continued from Page 7]
Our options seem clears lile can change our lawless ways, NOW, and be numbered with the Elect, or...we can continue in our ’’only believe” mentality, and perish, after much oppression and suffering, with the millions of other transgressors. (Luke 13;3,5).
We can do nothing about our Babylonian culturg* which is currently ruled by women in fulfilment of Isaiah 3:12. But we can come out of BabylbiV, (Revelation 18:4).	V&r
^mother, i.e., mother of harlots, Roman Catholicism
(’’Holy Mother the Church”); also by inference, her
daughters (major protestant denominations).
■p- ■_______________________________________________
Is This Hate?
(submitted by a reader)
When a man bows down before an idol of ivory, begging for salvation, and you tell him it cannot answer...is this hate?
When someone’s little girl, barely sixteen, must tell her thoughts, her emotions and temptations to an unmarried priest in the confession box, and you tell her she need only confess to Jesus...is this hate?
When a poor, grieving widow pays with her meagre substance for Masses for her dead husband, desperately hoping to end his pain in purgatory, and you tell her there is no purgatory...is this hate?
When one billion souls, for whom Christ dies, trust a well-fed pontiff dressed in gold and fine linen to give them the keys to Heaven, and you tell them they need no one but Jesus...is this hate?
When Jesus, God’s gift of love to all mankind, pointed his finger at the Pharisees and called them so many snakes...was this hate?
When the Apostle Paul stood on Mars Hill, and dared tell the philosophers of pagan mystery religion that they were too superstitious...was this hate?
NO!
To free a man from Satan's chains, you must first tell him he is a prisoner. You must convince him that he is lost and without hope. And if pained and angered by this message, he says your message is one of hatred, then know that his anguish is conviction of sin. Didn’t you become upset when told you were a sinner?
There are those who call (fundamental) literature ”hate literature."
But they do not know the true meaning of hate. True hatred hides the Gospel in beautiful words that upset no one, and therefore bring no conviction of sin.
«**#*«*
Faith is dead to doubts, dumb to discouragements, blind to impossibilities, knows nothing but success. Faith lifts its hands up through the threatening clouds, lays hold of Him who has all power in heaven and earth. Faith makes the future secure and glorious.
A VCI Commentary by Pastor Kohler
We apologize for the lateness in getting this newsletter written, printed and into the mail. At the request of some fellow Christian Israelite groups in '^Te^N^j^England area, my wife and I spent twelve days yin mpetahgs in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and Massachusetts. I would have to consider this effort as fruitful as the Holy Spirit moved both myself and those " « £h attendance in a way and manner to glorify our Father in Heaven. This was the first effort under the Congregations pf Israel program to establish and further localS-feaoers, groups, and congregations to serve God’s Covenant People in other areas, outside of Virginia. We are especially concerned that local leaders be available to meet the needs of our people "in the local areas” and to proclaim the kingdom message to those who have ears to hear. We will be going back to the New England area in the weeks ahead to meet with these groups, and other groups, in the effort to further our Father’s work.
The mailing list of our Prison Ministry Program has been "frozen" until further notice. We do not have the available resources to add additional names at this time. We will publish in the future any openings which may become available.
A suggestion: When you receive "junk" or "unsolicited offers" in the mail, they often contain a postage-paid return envelope. Rather than to throw the envelope in the trash with the "unsolicited material" why not stuff some "tracts" into the envelope and drop it in the mail to be returned. The company pays the postage and it costs you nothing. You never know where the "seed" will fall [see Mark 4:3-9 and Matthew 13:3-9].
We are concerned with the unfolding Y2K computer problem which continues to approach the millenium date. We are becoming more and more convinced that it will bode the advent of evil times. The Scriptures tell us that Babylon (and the entire Babylonian system) will fall at the end of the age. Since we believe that we are rapidly approaching the end of this age, it behooves us to pray for Divine guidance and help in these times. We see so many of the "Yuppy" materialistic society who doesn't want to see their "affluent" lifestyles interrupted and therefore refuse to listen to the word of God, that we can only imagine the "surprise" that will catch these people asleep in their suburban neighborhoods. And the clergy in churchianity is oblivious to what is happening. They are too concerned with their comfortable and materialistic "careers." They are well described in Matthew 15:14: "...they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch." The ministry of God is a calling to those who are so moved and affected by the Holy Spirit. It is not a career!