NHA CHRIST3A
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round Hill Virginia 20142
* +
MAY, 2001: Volume 12: Number 5 "Our fifteenth year of service to Yahweh our God"
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
Ask, and Yahweh God Will Give Unto You
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
There are many Israelites within Christianity* who ask our heavenly Father for various things through the medium of prayer, and who often feel disappointed that God does not respond as we would like Him to in accordance with our wishes and prayers.
In the gospel of Matthew, we are instructed in chapter 6 by our Saviour how to, and how not to pray. In verse 5, we read, "And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the comers of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward " Continuing on to verse 6, "But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut the door, pray to thy Father, which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly."
In verse 7 and 8, we are further instructed, "But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask Him." This chapter then continues into that most famous and glorious of prayers, what we refer to as the LORD'S Prayer.
What our Saviour, Christ Jesus is telling us is to be secretive of what you are asking of the Father. It does not mean that we have to go into a closet to pray, as many times prayers can be offered in the total absence of a closet. He also informs us that our Father knows what we have need of before we even ask. At times we may feel that our prayers have not been answered, and yet in verse 8, we are told, your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask Him."
The key to this sentence are the words, "what things ye have need of " We may ask for something that Yahweh feels we don't have a dire need for, and often times His actions are predicated upon some assignment that He is preparing us for. Life can be difficult and a struggle, but what strengthens a true believer more than persecution and hardship. 1 have personal testimony to this condition, and while we may not understand at the time why certain requests appear to be denied, there is always an underlying reason why it is so. We may have to wait for lengthy
periods of time before understanding the rational and reasoning behind God's decisions, but we will eventually comprehend.
You must "open your heart" when praying. God is well aware if you are being truthful or not in your requests. And remember, that we are not to be repetitious in our requests. We are to ask but once, and then give thanks. This is not a case where God counts the number of requests and words and then determines the results based on verbiage.
There is one very important thing to realize when making a request of our Father through prayer, and that item can be found in Matthew 6:10, where it reads, "Thy will be done." We must remember that it is His will, not our will? I have found prayers to have been answered, and other prayers to have gone unanswered only to discover why at some later time. Many times when we think our prayers unanswered, we will find a specific reason and purpose for that prayer not to have been answered as we wished.
Prayer is not strictly a means of asking. It can and should be used to thank the Almighty for the benefits that have been bestowed upon us. There is no certain spot or time for praying. It can be done in a quiet way in the middle of a crowd of people without the hoopla and fanfare given to it by the heathen. Prayer is a personal thing - a means of you communicating with your God. And it is not just a one-sided conversation. God will speak to you in a quiet whisper when you least expect it, but of course you must be listening. Do not expect God to sound like a sonic boom from the skies as the Hollywood Kenites would have us to believe. I have found, that if you clear your mind and pray, that in the still of the night, God often communicates with you, even when you are sleeping. God does answer sincere prayer, even if you don't at first comprehend what His answer is. He will provide for all your earthly needs to meet His assignments that He planned for you. Trust in Yahweh and your faith will be well founded. He has a purpose for your life and for your being in the world at this time.
* ''Christianity" is considered to be the observance of the ancient Hebrew religion as given by Yahweh our God, with the addition of the teachings as brought by die LORD Jesus Christ at His first advent.
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / May
World War III Has Already Begun
JUDITH Ai NIPPS* NiDij GttfrP;
Before we get into the subject of World War III, let me begin by saying that by looking back in history, ours is the 40th civilization that satan and his children have destroyed. We see it all around us. Historically, we have just completed the “second 100-year war," the first hundred year war, as you remember from school, was from 1337 to 1453, with the French winning over the English. The United States started the latest hundred year war in 1898 with the Spanish-American War and ended it in Kosovo.
Totally bankrupt^ exhausted and in a weakened state, before we could recover, we have been plunged into World War III by satan and his children, the jews. The major dilemma we are encountering is that we do not recognize that we are in the middle of World War m, and the masses do not even know who is the enemy.
The war that I am writing about is the chemical-biological warfare declared against we the people by the jews ever since this country was founded. If you research all the places the jews have invaded, they have always destroyed that country one way or the other, and they control all the methods to poison our food, water, and air and always have. One of their most profitable methods of murdering and plundering us has been through the disease condition we call cancer. The money from the war on cancer as initiated by Richard Nixon back in the 1970's has been used to plunder and murder us, for not one penny has ever been spent for research on the cure for cancer. And it wasn't necessary as Dr. William D. Kelley, an Israelite brother, had already established the cure for cancer in the 1960's. The money has been spent to cause cancer and to develop biological warfare on our people with such laboratory diseases as AIDS and other incurable sicknesses.
One of the major biological agents to murder and maim our people was developed by the "Mad Scientists" at the time of World War n. The enemy produced the bacteria, "brucellosis," that is responsible for the following diseases: Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Chronic Fatigue-Epstein Barr, Crohn's Colitis, Multiple Sclerosis, Rheumatoid Arthritis, and many, many more. The pathogen was injected into innocent people through vaccines, fiu shots, and contaminated mosquitos. Most all of us are contaminated with this pathogen, and when the immune system of the body is under major stress, the pathogen will emerge and you can be inflicted with one of the above diseases. The same goes if you are under a great deal of stress and the body suffers greatly. Now, who do you think is causing all the stress in our lives today and causing our immune systems to be so stressed? Yes, it is our Biblical enemy, the jews!
Just to let you know how far they have gone with their murderous program consider the following: In 1900, only one person in 8,000 developed cancer in their lifetime. Today, two out of three persons have or will develop cancer. This has been deliberately planned by our Biblical enemy. With a lazy, dumbed down "do it for me" public and the very greedy orthodox and alternative medical establishment, we are being plundered, mutilated and murdered at a rate of over one million
2001: Volutn
m n
>

each and every year with cancer
satan and his children have so cte^uV S judges and medical schools to make	**
to treat cancer. And beyond cancer, they' acknowledge about the brucellosis conspiracy and how v,, diseases arising from this pathogen, and there feaWyV known cure for some of these diseases.
i
o.
iu
W *
il if

1
Ja
a
i
By the way, the cancer industry produces well over to billion dollars a year for research and 650 billion dollars a yej revenue for the enemy's multitude of interlocking organizatioi of murder and plunder.
If you would like more information on the cancer conspiracy or the brucellosis contamination, I have booklets to explain om dilemma. Dr. William D. Kelley's protocol for cancer and biological contamination are available as well. All 1 ask is for $5.00 to cover the costs of the tape, booklets and shipping. 11 will also include Dr. Kelley's protocol for biological contamination in the event that you have been badly contaminated by one of these horrible diseases. Remember, knowledge is power, and Yahweh commands us to get knowledge.
In closing I would ask, if you are aware of the chemtrails in the skies that are being used to scatter biological warfare agents. Most people think of these white plumes as jet streams, but jet streams disappear, and chemtrails do not. They are spraying such items as anthrax, fungus, mold, viruses, and dangerous chemicals to make us sick and dependent upon them. Hence World War III, the easiest and cheapest way to completely take over a country. There is no need for tanks, or aircraft, etc. The invasion of the heathen and the destruction of our health with their biological warfare is taking Israel down today, and faster than you can imagine. You had better be taking natural immune system supplements if you are going to survive this war. I will be glad to discuss what has worked for my clients and my family. Remember, satan is the angel of death and destruction, and he means business. Until Israel turns from their wicked ways, repents, and prays, and seeks His face, we are going to "face the music," unpleasant as it is and Yahweh is the only way out of this terrible situation. For more information on chemtrails you may go to this following web site, www.chemtrailconnections.com. or you may obtain the book by William Thomas, entitled, The Chemtrail Conarundum.
Thanks to Dr. William Kelley for portions of this article on cancer and the biological conspiracy.
To contact Dr. Judith Nipps, N.D., C.N.H.P. and Herbalist, write. Salt Box Herbs, 300 Point Street, Saltsburg, PA 15681; or telephone, (724) 639-9607; or e-mail, www.slybusiness.com/herblady.
A COMMENT FROM THE EDITOR I was especially impressed with the statistics presented by Dr. Nipps relative to the fact that in 1900, one in 8,000 developed cancer, while today the numbers are two out of every three. WHY? Where have all of these new sicknesses and diseases come from? Why do there appear to be so many "gays" who have "come out of the closet," when this was not a symptom of forty years ago. Is there some additive (God knows) that is being added to our foodstuff today for corporate profit which is
having an adverse effect on our children and our people? Or could it be the use of toxic chemicals sprayed on grains, fruits and vegetables, or, hormones and additives fed to livestock and poultry. Cancer treatment is a lucrative business worth tens of billions, and 1 am not sure that a "cure" is desired. If so, after all of these years and all of the trillions of dollars spent, we have last the cancer war Look to Yahweh tor help.
The Virginia Christian Israelite/ PACE 3/May 2001: Volume 12, Number 5
W
REPARATIONS?
AL BENSON, Jr.
Special in The Virginia Christian Israelite
The liberal news media has recently, again, been touting those who have been pushing the concept of reparations for the slavery that has not existed in this country since 1865. Black demagogues get interviewed regularly on TV and in the 'news' papers and spout loudly about how blacks "built this country" and how they should be compensated for their labors. Well, I hate to sound racist, but lots of folks, whites included, built this country and yet you don't hear most of them going around and whining about how much they are owed for their contributions.
That Left-leaning Congressman, John Conyers, has introduced into Congress, HR 40, a bill which would have the Federal Government pay reparations to the descendants of all blade slaves in this country. And where do you suppose the Federal Government will come up with the money for that? You guessed it! Another political scam for the taxpayers to happily fork over their hard-earned money for.
On a number of occasions I have asked the question: Are they going to charge people whose ancestors never owned slaves for reparations, too? Do they plan to charge those of us whose ancestors were not even here in this country while slavery was in existence for reparations, too? What about the white folks whose ancestors came here as indentured servants? Their ancestors were, in effect, slaves for part of their lives. Are they due something also?
There are never any answers put forth to any of these questions, from the Left. All that we get from them are more shrill screams about us all being racists, as they stick out their greedy hands so that we can fill them with cash. One individual interviewed on television recently called the whole reparations scam "the mother of all shakedowns." I have to agree with him. Naturally, he was branded as a racist pig for daring to tell the truth, but hey, what else is new?
Another question I have often asked and never received an answer for is: What about those blacks in Africa that sold their countrymen to the European slave traders, do they get to pay reparations? Definitely, there is no answer to that one! We are not to even consider that such things happened. That is beyond the pale of discussion. All we need to know is that it is all the white man's fault, just as the ills of the world are the white man's fault Ask Jesse Jackson, he'll tell you!
So the question of black slavers is never addressed, is mostly ignored, in the hope you will tire of asking such politically incorrect questions and just give up and go home.
Unfortunately for the politically correct, though, the cat is out of the bag, and it was an African who let it out. A black filmmaker from the Ivory Coast, director Roger Gnoan M'Bala has made a film about slavery in Africa. An Associated Press article stated it thusly: "The slaves in Ivory Coast director Roger Gnoan M’Bala’s film Adanzeaman are African. But so are the slavers. And that, in Gnoan M’Bala’s eyes is what makes this film long overdue...Producers tout Adanssaman as the first African film to look at African involvement in the slave trade with the West."
Some historians have had to, reluctantly, agree with the "theme of extensive African involvement in capturing and trans-
porting Africans for sale to European buyers, as well as the film's depiction of the existence of slavery within African tribes." The film won a prize at a film festival in France. It has been shown in Europe, and in Canada. Black viewers in Toronto immediately challenged the accuracy of the film, while some white viewers at a festival in Venice were shocked. Obviously they had never heard of this before.
How much do you want to bet that this film will never be shown here in the United States? And, if, by some fluke, it should be fortunate enough to make its way into some art cinema somewhere in this country, how much would you want to bet that it will be picketed, boycotted, and demonstrated against by outfits like the NAACP and other Leftist advocates of'free speech?' They will make such a fuss that ordinary people will feel guilty for wanting to go see the film. But whatever happens, this film has been made and shown in some places and is, without a doubt, historically accurate, in that it does depict African slavers selling those of their own race to white slavers.
My original question still has not been answered. How much in reparations will the descendants of those African slave traders be forced to pay in reparations for their contribution to the slave trade? Answers anyone?
If I, whose ancestors never owned a slave, should be forced to pay reparations to make the black extortion artists happy, how much more are the descendants of the African slavers going to be forced to pay? Maybe we should ask our Congresspersons about that one.
$ ♦ * 4c 4c ♦ ♦
A COMMENTARY: In 1621, Jews controlled the Dutch West India Company which rapidly dominated the slave trade. In 1768, Moses Lopez (Jew) of Newport, Rhode Island owned a large fleet of slave ships, and members of his family operating out of Charleston, SC operated the southern hub of slavery. Also, there were many "free blacks" in the northern States who owned slaves - how will their descendants be determined in apportioning responsibility for reparations? Who will determine the validity and accuracy of ancestors who may have been slaves, as contrasted to blacks who immigrated to this country after 1870 or thereabouts? This entire issue is nothing more than a gigantic scam to extort taxpayer funds. Some "responsible" black leaders have declared so - the rest of them should be ashamed!
THE CENTER OF THE BIBLE
What is the shortest chapter in the Bible? Answer: Psalm 117
What is the longest chapter in the Bible? Answer: Psalm 119
What chapter is in the center of the Bible? Answer: Psalm 118 Fact: There are 594 chapters before Psalm 118, and 594 chapters after Psalm 118.
Add the 594 chapters before Psalm 118 and the 594 chapters after Psalm 118 (594 +594) and you get 1188.
What is the center verse in the Bible? Answer: Psalm 118:8
Abortion doesn't make you unpregnant,.. I It makes you the mother of a dead baby) I Some day, you will have to answer to &od! I
Tht Virginia Christian Israelite/ Page	:	Volume
The Growing Crisis in Israel
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
There appears to be a growing crisis among Christian-Israel today, both from the perspective of the people and the organizations. This pertains to the adoption of "Jewish" customs, practices, and traditions, all done supposedly in the name of "improving" our Christian beliefs and religion, to better reflect our Israelite and Hebrew roots.
Before I cause confusion among the brethren with regard to my use of the word "Christian," let me state that it is my understanding that the word and term "Christianity," is the Hebrew religion with the introduction of our Saviour, Christ Jesus.
It appears that many organizations, and especially those who belong to the "Sacred Name" consideration, are competing with one another to see who can be "most Jewish" in their modes of worship and observance. Please note, that this should not be taken as a criticism of the sacred name adherents, but rather of the adoptive actions of some of these groups. I would be less concerned with some of these adoptive practices if these groups abided by the ancient Hebrew instructions, rather than to adopt the practices of the anti-christ Jews.
Why is it necessary to accept the Jewish version and date of Passover? Why is it necessary to have the traditional Jewish "seder meal" on the Passover, or as some prefer to observe, on Good Friday. We believe in the observance of the ancient Hebrew festivals and feast days in accordance with the instructions of Yahweh our God who said, "...ye shall keep it a feast unto the LORD throughout your generations...for ever." But isn't there a new way of observing this occasion rather than having a meal of roasted lamb, bitter herbs, etc.? How many times (years) do we need to do these physical manifestations of modem Jewry?
Our lamb, the lamb of God without blemish (or sin) was sacrificed many centuries ago on Calvary, once and for all time. As the original Passover found in Exodus was to commemorate the saving of Israel from the Egyptians, the sacrifice of the Son of Yahweh was to save us from the condemnation of sin, or the salvation of Israel. It is extremely important to separate the ancient customs from the New Testament customs, but, we should most definitely observe the feasts as ordained by God.
We have noticed in addition, that some individuals and groups are involved in the use of prayer shawls, yarmulkes, the use of ornamental bells sewn in the hems of clothing, etc. The acceptance of the Jewish "Mishnah" consisting of all of the Talmudic Jewish traditions, does nothing to enhance the sacrifice of our Saviour in worship.
In addition to the ritualistic changes and adoptions, there is the matter of the epistles of Paul and the gospel of John. Some ministries have stopped using these Scriptural books considering them to be anti-semitic in nature. The first consideration is to ascertain the difference between "Israel" and "Judah" as addressed in Scripture. Secondly, we must consider the differences between "Judahites" (Judeans), and those who refer to themselves as "Jews."
Paul in his epistles is very critical of the "Jews," and the Jews would greatly love to discredit Paul. It is important to remember that Paul (a Benjaminite) knew the Jewish mind as he was one of them before the Damascas road incident.
72, Nutnbe,
JOt
m
fee
3
o
>
o>
c

D 2 3
B
© £ $> 0) Q Q>
mi
Bifi
& c \ \ 15?! c c
*1 %,
If, as some wish to do, you elimmWt sideration all of Paul's epistles, you decimate Testament - and who benefits from this?	&
In a similar manner, the gospel of John is desp\%^ 5 ® ^ Jews as being blatantly anti-semitic, though those making ci accusations really don't have any idea of what anti-sena**, means. There has been an outcry in recent years by some of the more rabid Jews, that the gospel of John needs to be "cleaned up." To witness the effect of such works, all you need to do is to consult some of the more "modem translations" to see the effect of such cleaning. The new translations completely change the text, meaning, and terminology. In one such translation, in John 20:19 we discovered that the word "Jews" had been changed to "Romans" to read as follows:
"...being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, (insert Romans instead of Jews)..."
The Virginia Christian Israelites surely want to restrict and eliminate, as much as possible, the erroneous traditions of man and "church" which have crept into Christianity over the centuries, but we don't wish to replace these erroneous traditions with anti-christ Jewish fables and rituals. This tendency has been going on for centuries in a slow and continuous manner, so much so that "Christians" do not realize the full extent of the situation.
Witness the acceptance and usage today of the term, "Judeo-Christianity." The truth is: You can be Christian...or You can be Jewish...But You can *t be both at the same timeI
\
Clippings from Church Newsletters
It's amazing what a little proofreading would prevent:
"Ladies Bible Study will be held Thursday morning at 10. All ladies are invited to lunch in the Fellowship Hall after the B.S. Is done."
"Bertha Belch, a missionary from Africa will be speaking tonight at Calvary Memorial Church in Racine. Come tonight and hear Bertha Belch all the way from Africa."
"Don't let worry kill you - let the Church help."
"Remember in prayer the many who are sick of our community."
"Ladies, don't forget the rummage sale. It's a chance to get rid of those things not worth keeping around the house. Don't forget your husbands."
"The sermon this morning: 'Jesus Walks on the Water.' The sermon tonight: 'Searching for Jesus.'"
"Barbara is in the hospital and needs blood donors for more transfusions. She is also having trouble sleeping and requests tapes of Pastor Jack's sermons."
"At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be 'What is Hell'? Come early and listen to our choir practice."
"Weight Watchers will meet at 7 p.ra. At the First Presbyterian Church. Please use large double door at the side entrance."
"The senior choir invites any member of the congregation who enjoy sinning to join the choir."
"Attend and you will hear an excellent speaker and heave a healthy lunch."
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5 / May 2001: Volume 12, Number 4
m
m B
S3* SK Cl .0"
§||
> H
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
i Which of the four horsemen in Revelation spreads famine on the earth?
2.	Who moved with Naomi to Moab to escape famine?
3.	Who was food storage supervisor n Egypt when famine came?
4.	What nation was the victim of a seven-year famine during Elisha's ministry?
5.	Where did Abram go when famine struck?
6.	What New Testament prophet predicted a worldwide famine?
7.	Who went to live with the Philistines during a famine?
8.	What two plagues probably caused famine in Egypt?
9.	What king's reign saw a three-year famine, which ended when Elijah said rain was coming?
10.	What figure in a arable found himself the victim of famine?
11.	What king endured famine because Saul had slain the Gibeonites?
12.	In the time of judges, what marauders plundered so many crops and livestock that they probably caused famine in Israel?
13.	What Babylonian king caused famine in Jerusalem?
14.	Who sent his sons to Egypt because of famine in the land?
15.	What king had a feast where a mysterious hand wrote on the wall?
16.	Who threw a royal feast where his wife disobeyed him?
17.	Who spread a meal for some angels at the oaks of Mamre?
18.	Who gave a wedding feast and then pulled a trick on his son-in-law?
19.	Whose children were killed while attending a feast?
20.	Who told a bizarre riddle at his wedding feast?
21.	What did Jesus eat after his resurrection to prove he was not a mere phantom?
22.	Who fasted for forty days on Mount Sinai?
23.	Who had a Passover meal with his followers in the upper room?
24.	Who received meals at the hands of birds?
25.	Who was raped after bringing a meal to her supposedly sick brother?
26 What ruler threw a lavish feast where his wife's daughter danced?
27.	At the last feast mentioned in the Bible, what is to be the gruesome food?
28.	In the parable of the wedding feast, what is the fate of the man who did not put his best clothes on?
29.	What judge threshed wheat by his winepress to hide it from the Midianites?
30.	Absalom wanted to avenge the rape of his sister, Tamar, so he waited until the rapist was very drunk. Who was this drunk, later slain by Absalom's men?
31.	What group of Israelites was never supposed to drink wine?
32.	What kind of person according to Proverbs, should be given wine?
(Please see answers on Page 6)
What Are We Aiming At?
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
You would think that if most of today's Christian Israelite people would clear their minds from years of dull indoctrination, that they could see and understand, and then embrace the Israel message of Scripture. But, so far as "religion" goes, those shepherds of "churchianity" do not want to accept Scriptural truth, and in fact reject the same, as it is mostly in conflict with their particular brand of theology.
The question that I have often asked myself is, "are we targeting our message correctly?" Are we, like the mainline churches, appealing to the masses? In truth, the "masses" are, for the most part very comfortable in their ignorance, and oblivious to the message God is offering. To fully accept our heavenly Father and abide by His word requires a personal and individual commitment - a change in the ways of your life. And resistance to change is a human trait.
Most people are satisfied with denominational churchianity. They go to church for one hour per week (maybe) and consider that hour as meeting their obligation to Yahweh. They put a few dollars in the collection plate as payment to God. Then, the rest of the week these "churchgoers" (not Christians) completely forget about God. They don't talk with God through prayer. They don't hear the small voice of God speaking to them. They are ingrained with the idea that God will thunder from the heavens as Hollywood likes to portray. Yahweh speaks in a quiet inner voice, and if you are not listening, you will never hear Him. The "masses" who prefer to remain ignorant, do so at their own peril (see Hosea 4:6).
There are many references in Scripture to the "Remnant of Israel." The definition of the word "remnant" is "a part, quantity, or small number." Shouldn't we be addressing our message of Scriptural truth to the "remnant," those who have had the scales removed from their eyes. They desperately need to hear the message, and they are receptive. Perhaps it is time to look for quality rather than quantity.
The "masses" will be content to continue in their ignorance, "professing themselves to be wise, they became fools" [Romans 1:22].
The message of Scriptural truth can be a dangerous thing. If you know the truth and choose to ignore or disregard, or even to reject the message, you do at your own peril. We are told in Ezekial 3:17, "Son of man, 1 have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel..." Read the following verses (18-21) and notice the consequences mentioned. Once you have warned our people Israel, and they choose not to listen, their blood will not be on your hands.
Be not discouraged. It is our responsibility to speak to, and warn the people. It is then up to the Holy Spirit to move upon their hearts. And so while we may use a "shotgun" approach to the masses, it is the remnant that we are targeting with the sure word of God.
"And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remnant of Israel and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but shall stay upon Yahweh, the Holy One of Israel, in truth. The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty God." For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant shall return..." [Isaiah 10:20-22]
Th* Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 6 / April 2001: Volume 12, Number §
Sate: Because h? fael that the contents of these two articles have speci fic applications to some of our people, we decided to print both of these articles in this issue rather than to choose.
The Wrath off God
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
Yah welt who is Almighty God, is displeased with the indif-fcroooc of man to His Son, Jesus Christ, who is one with His Mot. So man is provoking God to anger. Yahweh has ttflbhnd, "A lire is kindled in mine anger, and shall bum unto the lowest hell, and shall consume the earth with her increase,
WA ad on fire the foundations of the mountains (Deuteronomy
|HE
Before Paul's conversion to Christianity, he was trained in the observance of the religious laws. He believed that being obedient to laws and traditions established his worth before God But Jesus appeared to him in a great blinding light in the sky and showed him his error. Paul recognized his powerlessness and accepted Jesus. He learned that it was not his works based upon law, but his feith in Christ, that made him Gocfs servant, and would therefore save him
Paul’s error before his conversion is common today. There are many people who do good works and are honored in society But they are still nothing in the eyes of God. Every Christian must, by feith in Christ alone, depend upon God’s grace to have any value to God.
Jesus gave up His life on a cross to teach us the way to God.
If you believe your works and traditions are as valuable as the blood of Christ, given out of love to God, for man’s salvation, then depend on your works. After you die, however, you will be condemned
The only way to serve God is through feith and obedience to Jesus Christ. The Bible says that apart from Christ, all people are God’s enemies (Romans 5:10), dead in their sins (Ephesians 2:3). They have fallen short of God’s requirements and need Christ
Don’t die in your sins! Paul wrote, "God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our LORD Jesus Christ" 0 Thessakxiians 5:9). God’s wrath is real. God is angry with the wicked every day (Psalm 7:11). And in the day of the LORD’S anger and judgment, everyone will have to answer to God for rejecting Christ The prophet Micah says that Yahweh, "will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as they have not heard” (Micah 5:15).
If you are not saved by the atoning sacrifice of Christ, you are godless and condemned to bum in a fire that sheds no light, in the darkness forever
Read in the Gospels bow the LORD Jesus Christ rose from the dead Meditate on it, and believe it And pray prayers of feith Jesus wants you to dwell in the house of the LORD forever
Jesus said, "No man cometh unto the Father, but by me” (John 14 6) Paul adds, "If you shall confess with thy mouth the LORD Jesus, and shall believe in thine heart that God raised Him from the dead, thou shall be saved” (Romans 10:9). Now read how Peter insisted on repentance, baptism in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost (Acts 2 38)
H *
jl||
Coping With Fait
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
& &
il
■p 'Q « <m fc .9* * fi ® |
C f .3	,
Stiff5
a js j !IS 41 ft
3 C s P 1
I 8 »
Everybody wants to be a winner. Or, at least walk °

arm with a winner. No one wants to be a loser. Out *** rejects losers. Yet almost everyone at one time or aaoth^ knows what it’s like to be a loser - a failure. Children and aduH* can be very sensitive to the conflict. The Bible tells many stories of people who fail or feel like failures, and makes numerous references to failure. We can find counsel in the Bible.
Jesus made people think about failure. For example, he used an illustration of someone planning to build a tower, who wou be under pressure to complete the work because people w°u mock him, saying, "This man began to build, and was not ab e to finish” (Luke 14:30).
People react to failure in different ways. Some sulk in guilt and whine while others spend a lifetime in denial. Failure causes us to doubt and undermines our ability to perform our duty. Peter worried when Jesus asked him to go fishing, saying, "Master, we have toiled all night, and have taken nothing" (Luke 5:5).
Solomon asked, "Who can say, I have made my heart clean, I am pure from my sin?” (Proverbs 20:9). And Ecclesiastes gives the answer: "There is not a just man upon the earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not" (Eccelsiastes 7:20).
Paul, too, dealt with the issue of feeling lie a failure. He asked, "O wretched man that I am! Who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" And he answered, ”1 thank God through Jesus Christ our LORD" (Romans 7:24-25). For Jesus pleads for us before the Father (1 John 2:1-2).
We must not let Satan defeat us because we experience failure. Failure and sin separate us from God. But God offers us hope. Paul says, "Be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind (Romans 12:2). John says, "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness" (1 John 1:9).
Admit your failure honestly and resolve it in prayer before God. If you have done someone an injustice, apologize, restore what you have taken, and make amends. Keep your conscience clear. Have faith. Memorize a Bible verse that can help you. Let the Spirit guide you. Feel God’s love for you, and recover the love you lost. It may be love for yourself; love for virtue, or love for another. You will uncover the root of your failure in some wrong value or attitude. Return to your heavenly Father and gain respect by your determination and faith.

ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE (1) The rider on the black horse, Revelation 6:5-6; (2) Emimelech, Ruth 1:1-2; (3) Joseph, Genesis 41; (4) Israel, 2 Kings 8:1-2; (5) Egypt. Genesis 12:10; (6) Agabus, Acta 11:26; (7) Isaac, Genesis 26:1; (8) Locusts and hail, Exodus 10:14-15; (9) Ahab's, 1 Kings 17:1, 16:44-45; (10) The prodigal son, Luka 15:14; (11) David, 2 Samuel 21:1; (12) The Mldianites, 2 Kings 25:1-3; (13) Nebuchadnezzar, 2 Kings 25:1-3; (14) Jacob, Genesis 42.1-2; (15) Belshazzar, Daniel 5; (16) Ahaauerua, Esther 1:3-12; (17) Abraham, Genesis 16:1-6; (16) Laban, Genesis 29:22-23; (19) Job’s, Job 1:13; (20) Samson, Judges 14:10-14; (21) Fish, Luka 24:36-43; (22) Moses, Exodus 34:27-26; (23) Jesus, Matthew 26.1-30; (24) Elijah, fed by ravens, 1 Kings 17:5*6; (26) Tamar, 2 Samuel 13:1-14; (26) Herod, Mark 6:21; (27) The flash of people and horses, Revelation 1017-16 (26) He Is tied up end thrown outside, Matthew 22:1-13; (29) Gideon, Judge# 6:11; (30) Amnon, Absalom’s half brother, 2 Samuel 13:26; (31) The Nazerttes, Numbers 6.2-3; (32) The sad or afflicted person, Proverbs 31;6-7

?ACE 7/May 2001: Volume 12, Number 5
note
wemor of	our	Saviour by Publius Lentulus,
Rome, was found Van	*° Ti^rius .Caesar> Emperor of
clav tablets E hoht 5°, excavated city wntten in Aramaic, on WJ.	°£the most recent ’’Portrait of Jesus Christ"
hich originated in Europe from a computer derivation, and
which makes Chnst appear to be dark-haired and dark complexioned, and an unshaven individual, we thought that the following (from the British Museum) would be of interest. It should be remembered that "Christianity" was (and is) the religion of the tribes of Israel, the sons of Jacob. Perhaps that is why previous visual renderings of our Saviour look like us. And just who derives any benefit out of degrading the image of Jesus Christ? We did notice that the media (controlled by you know who) gave much attention to the new computer-generated portrait. Did we expect anything else?
Ancient Account Describes Jesus
"There lives at this time, in Judea, a man of singular virtue, whose name is Christ Jesus, whom the barbarians esteem as a prophet, but his followers ove and adore him as the offspring of the immortal God. He calls back the dead from the graves, and heals all sorts of diseases with a word or touch. He is a tall man, and well shaped, of an amiable and reverend aspect, his hair of a colour that can hardly be matched, the i colour of chestnut full ripe falling in waves about his shoulders. His forehead high, large and imposing, his cheeks without spot or wrinkle, beautiful symmetry; his beard thick and of a colour suitable to his hair, reaching below his chin. His eyes bright blue, clear and serene, look innocent, dignified, manly and mature. In proportion of body, most perfect and captivating, his hands and arms most delectable to behold. He rebukes with majesty, counsels with mildness, his whole address, whether in word or deed, being eloquent and grave. No man has seen him laugh, yet his manner is exceedingly pleasant; but he has wept in the presence of men. He is temperate, modest and wise; a man for his extraordinary beauty and divine perfections, surpassing the children of men in every sense."
NOTE:
There are other ancient writings which describe the appearance of Jesus Christ while he was here upon this earth. While there are some minor differences, the general description fits that as printed above. For a text copy of an article which appeared in the Orlando Sentinel (FL) on April 8, 2001, entitled: Believers may find 1new1 look surprising," please write to: Virginia Christian Israelites, P. O. Box 109, Round Hill, Virginia 30142 USA, and request article byname.
God doesn 't call the qualified, He qualifies the called!
Forbidden fruits create many jams!
And Yahweh Made Us All
Henry Hofmann
Covenant Fellowship, Congregations of Israel, West Virginia
In the first few chapters of Genesis, we read of the creation story, and specifically the origin of the races of men. I know that there is a great deal of racial hatred and bitterness today, which can not be assigned to any one race, but which must be shared by all races. This in addition to the envy which can also be found in all.
I have not found anything in Scripture which leads me to an understanding that we must hate other races and peoples. When Yahweh made all of the races, he said, "that it was good." Who am I to question the motives of the Almighty. We also know that Yahweh our God selected a group of people known as Hebrews to be His chosen servant people. Did God have a positive bias towards the Hebrews? Did God have a negative bias against other peoples? Who am I to accuse Yahweh of a bias? I do know that God made the white, black, red, yellow, races, etc. But God did not make mixed breeds - and He stated that it was to be "kind after kind " We are all people, just as birds are all birds, but have you ever seen a "crobin" (a cross between a crow and a robin)? In nature, kind-after-kind is mandatory, and only man has chosen to deviate from God's will.
In Exodus 12:37-38, we read of the Israelites leaving Egypt, and specifically in verse 38 there is mention of "a mixed multitude" which journeyed with the children of Israel. So we are aware that there was some degree of miscegenation taking place at that time, although there were certain religious restrictions placed on those who were of mixed blood.
What is the underlying reason for the hate, dislike, and distrust among races that is so prevalent today? First, we have, in disregard of God's instructions, mixed the races to form a new polyglot of people which was not directly of God. Second, we might eliminate a lot of the dislike and distrust if we would but enforce the Laws of God. We have allowed God's Laws to be vacated in favor of what man has determined to be judicial law. In what area has man ever improved on God's ways? We have hundreds of thousands of laws which do not come close to the Commandments and Statutes of God. We, as Israelites have allowed this condition to exist and flourish. As an example, the Scriptures say "thou shalt not kill (murder)." The penalty of God's law is that murderers are summarily executed. But men (and women) want to show mercy by applying, after the fact, the "thou shalt not kill provision." And so we incarcerate the murderers for a specific number of years, if not for a lifetime, at great expense to our fellow citizens. Where, I may ask, where the prisons when Israel was wandering in the wilderness?
If we would apply God's laws, everyone that violated these laws would know what the penalties for such violation were. Those who committed these violations, irregardless of race, would be punished in a similar manner and there could be no question about a racial bias. We wouldn't need all of the prisons and jails and we could deter the idea of "hate." It is wrong to hate someone strictly because of their race especially when they have not wronged you in any way. If Yahweh didn't want the different races, He would not have brought them into being. I know that heinous violence fosters the hate concept, but if the laws were properly applied, men would be afraid of breaking the laws of Yahweh and much hate would be eliminated.