fHl IHIU CHMSfHANI
THE NRWSIETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P O. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
DECEMBER 2003: Volume 14, Number 12 "Our 18th year of serving Yahweh our God"
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they nay dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
YOU CAN DO IT - And Can Help You!
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
We receive several requests every month from those who receive this newsletter and from others who contact us via e-mail and the postal service, looking for others of our same beliefs who may reside in close geographical proximity. The need for fellowship with others who are aware and knowledgeable of the Christian Israel message is definitely important.
The problem that we encounter, is that unfortunately, we can not, in most instances, provide the names of other individuals, groups, or ministries that are close by. Our mailing lists, while significant for a ministry of our size, consists of many in foreign lands, and approximately 800 incarcerated in various penal institutions throughout this nation.
We have good reason to believe that there are many other individuals whose beliefs parallel ours, but we have no specific knowledge of who they are and where they are located. We further are of the opinion that within small geographic locations (towns, cities, counties) there are others who abide by and adhere to our beliefs.
While we do not make our total mailing lists available to the general public, we can, if possible, share names, groups, and ministries which are close to those requesting the same. We do not, like some organizations, consider our mailing lists to be personal property. In the past, we have witnessed some groups and ministries who have ceased operations for one reason or another and who have allowed their mail list to be destroyed and lost. Of what benefit is that to God's work?
The whole concept for the establishment of The Congregations of Israel, was to promote the idea of local groups and congregations to serve the needs of our people in a specific generalized area. These groups do not need to be formalized congregations, and most often start with informal weekly or bi-monthly Bible study sessions.
In addition to the fellowship and Scriptural studies, there are other needs which require some efforts on a local basis. Who visits and comforts those who are sick and in the hospital? Who visits with the elderly and the shut-ins? Who "distributes" tracts with Scriptural truth to enlighten those of our people still in darkness? There are many such needs that go unanswered today because there is no one to stand in the gap.
If, as is the case in many instances, there is no one of our beliefs close by and known to others, then our recommendation is that you make the effort to seek out these people who we know are out there. The following suggestions may be of help in your search. Remember, these people are aware of the language pertaining to and referencing our beliefs, i.e., Christian Israel, Identity, etc.
(1)	There are some local advertising publications such as "The Pennysaver News," "The Valley Trader," and other such publications which allow for "free ads.” Since there is no cost involved, pick an area which most people would scan through and try placing your free ad.
(2)	Many supermarkets have a bulletin board on which you can post a notice. Write up such a notice and post it for general public reading. There are some other business entities which also allow for the posting of notices on bulletin type boards. Take advantage of these.
(3)	You can use tracts to advertise in stores or malls.
You can leave a tract on a bench in a shopping mall, or you can leave a tract on some counter or shelf in a store. This has to be limited, as the stores and malls are not happy about a huge accumulation of such materials on their premises. You might even try leaving such tract literature in a Christian book store. The tracts will have to carry your name and address so that people who may be interested can contact you. Including your telephone number may be optional.	(Continued	on	Page	2)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2
YOU CAN DO IT - And We Can Help You±
(Continued from Page 1)
(4)	Of course, you can place a classified advertisement in your local newspaper for a nominal cost. With all of die aforementioned "advertisements" be prepared to run an advertisement for 3-4 weeks.
(5)	Speak to your family, friends and neighbors about meeting for a Bible-study on a weekday evening or at some convenient time on a weekend. Realize that you will have to prepare for such a study so that you are knowledgeable on the lesson. Keep your study limited to a chapter or two of a single book, or a specific topic. Don't try to cover an entire book in a study session.
I am sure that there are many other methods available for getting your message out. If you are able to determine some alternative method of success, we would appreciate hearing about it so that we could disseminate it to others.
It is important to remember that you must concentrate on die "localized" search. If you are truly serious in finding others nearby, you will have to make the effort to seek than out.
With all of the abominable conduct that is plaguing organized "churchianity" today - the child-abuse scandals, the adulteiy of some clergy, the pilfering of sacred funds' the ordination of gay clergy and at least one openly-gay Bishop, many have fallen away from church attendance. They have left the establishment church, but they haven't left their love of Father and Son. Seek these people out and renew and strengthen their faith.
The Virginia Christian Israelites will, upon your request, supply you a quantity of tracts that can be used in searching for others. We will help you in the wording of public announcements if needed. We will alert you to the presence of others of our beliefs in your local area. We will inform you of any "home churches" meeting in your area that we are aware of. And when, not if you have a Bible-study group of "two or three" meeting on a regular basis, we will direct others to you. We live today in an information society, and in order to realize our goals, we need adequate information. We are continuously searching for our lost people in this world, and you are indeed an emissary of Yahweh our God in this effort.
If you have additional questions on this topic or suggestions that we could utilize to benefit this effort, please contact us at, Virginia Christian Israelites, P. O. Box 109, Round Hill, VA 20142.
As our Saviour Christ Jesus has told us, "...The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few. Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest." [Matthew 9:37-38] See also the similar words as found in the gospel of Luke
10:2-3*	^
Remember the words as found in Isaiah 6:8: "I heard the voice of Yahweh God saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us 7 Then said J, Here am I: send me."
Pray for guidance and ask the Father to show you the role he wishes you to pursue.
/ December 2003: Volume 14, Number 12	^
r---------------------------------—	J>	j
A TRUE PERSPECTIVE
It is high time that the people of s0 the Israelite people, begin to invest^ the Bible for themselves. The word of s0cJ was written for you to read, study	\
and believe. It was never intended to be 1 interpreted for you by men who have a denominational axe to grind or a sectarian viewpoint to defend. Let God's people come out from among them and begin to search the scriptures for themselves. j
Peter's Failure - And our Own
From "Thy Kingdom Come," The Association of the Covenant People Burnaby, B.C., Canada, 11/02
Much like Peter and the rest of the Christ's followers taking the sea voyage to Bethsaida, Anglo-Saxondom (modem Israel) has found herself threatened by the violent seas of world politics and intrigues on many occasions.
Although Anglo-Saxondom is nominally Christian, Jesus Christ is not at the helm. Mere man tries vainly to out-maneuver the waves. But human wisdom alone falls far short of the mark.
But Christ Jesus is always near. He has stilled the waves many times - when the nation truly prays.
Alas, like Peter, when the fierceness of the storm increases and the billows foam about us, our faith is staggered. We lost sight of Christ Jesus and doubt His ability to save.
But, as we sink below the surface we will have to call, "Lord, save me." It is then that Jesus stretches forth his hand and says, O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?"
3n JJlemorium Rev. Clyde Dale Edminster
December 8,1914 - September 27, 2003
It is with sorrow that we report the calling home of Clyde Edminster of Woodbrook Chapel in Rainier, Washington.
Clyde was a faithful servant of our God, publishing "Christ Is The Answer" newsletter for the past 36 years and pastoring the faithful at Woodbrook Chapel. He was a good friend for many years and his presence here on earth in the LORD'S work will be missed. May he look forward to hearing the commendable words of our Saviour Christ Jesus, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant...enter thou into the joy of thy Lord."
More than 1,200 Roman Catholic priests in the United States have been involved in the abuse of more than 4,000 children

Ibe Virginia Christian Israelite / PAGI 3 / December 2001: Volume 14, Number 12
The Attitude off the Godly Towards God's Enemies
Andrew Sandlin
"Do I Hot hate them, O LORD, that hate Thee?”
- Psalm ]39:21
This statement by David, as well as scores of others in Scripture, including several significant ones made by Paul, no doubt sounds strange - perhaps even offensive to the ears of many modem believers. The apostle in one instance says: "If any man preach another gospel than ye have received, let him be accursed” (Galatians 1:9). The idea of a Christian's hating not only wickedness but wicked people is largely incompatible with the religious sentimentalism pervasive in modem Western Christianity epitomized in the popular but spurious expression, ”Love the sinner; hate the sin."
It is plausible to assume that this sentimentalism can to a certain degree be attributed to the influence of theological liberalising 1) A sentimental attitude toward God's enemies does not square with Biblical precedent. If we imitate the example of God and His people as revealed in Scripture, our disposition toward the wicked must be much more austere.
This attitude does not refer to mankind in general; it refers to die overtly wicked and vicious individuals whose actions destroy lives and damn souls - that is those who are actively seeking to subvert the kingdom of God.
Our Attitude Toward The Wicked For example, the martyred saints in heaven petition God with regard to their murderers, "How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?" (Revelation 6:10). I suspect that many Christians today would have responded, "Lord, don't harm these your wicked enemies; give them time to be saved. Don't be cruel to them." The apostle John observed that "much people in heaven" rejoiced at the utter destruction of the vile Babylon (Revelation 19:1-3). The utter destruction of an evil society, or the death of a cruel dictator, ought to be an occasion of praise and gladness, as it was for the saints as in recorded in Revelation 19.
Defective view of God In many cases, one supposes, Christians' queasiness over the proposal of God's judgment of the wicked flows from their defective view of God Himself. Because God is a perfectly balanced Being, His attributes are equally ultimate. He is equally a God of kindness and justice, mercy and judgment, love and hate.(2) It is not our discretion to conform God to our distorted image; we must accept Him as He has revealed Himself in His
Word,
Prayer for Judgment on the Wicked While Scripture affords clear examples of dedicated believers who remonstrated with God to delay or
withdraw impending judgment on His own people (e.g. Abraham for Lot, Moses for Israel), it is equally reticent about any such appeal on behalf of the heathen and the wicked on the part of God's people. All to the contrary, the obvious and frequent examples display God's children as actually invoking God's wrath on the heathen. The imprecatory Psalms(3) contain petitions by David and others for God to harm and destroy wicked individuals. These are called imprecatory Psalms because an imprecation is a calling down of God's curse. Paul's imprecations recorded in Galatians 1:7-9 and implied in 5:12 parallel the psalmist's imprecations.
As Revelation 19:2 makes clear, those who rejoice at the demise of God's enemies are impelled by a desire to uphold the righteous judgment of God. That is, they're more concerned with God's justice and righteousness than they are with the welfare of wicked individuals. They are careful not to reverse the order of the first and the second great commandments: loving God with all of one's heart and then loving one’s neighbor as oneself.
What are the sentimentalists really saying?
What sentimentalists are really saying when they balk at praying for God's judgment upon evil individuals is that they are uneasy about a cause and effect relationship between sin and judgment. If we hate the evil, vicious results of pomographers, abortionists and cultists, yet we simultaneously shrink from requesting God's judgment on the perpetrators, we are really saying that we dislike or disfavor a world in which judgment follows sin.
When sentimentalists concede that they yearn for a world in which judgment is the consequence to be delayed until the final judgment, what they are really saying then is that they are willing to sustain all of the evil results of the vile individuals. This would necessarily accompany a desire for God to delay His judgment because of the sentimentalists' queasiness over God's judging wicked people. In other words, they prefer homosexuality, dismembered infants, and child molestation to God's judge homosexuals, abortionists, and child molesters.
The pattern of the Biblical saints is different: the prayers of God’s saints for His judgment on the wicked implore Him to act immediately, without delay (Psalms 79:5,6; Revelation 6:10). They despise the horrid results of evil workers and know that those results will be cut off as soon as the evil workers themselves are cut off.
Judgment as grace
They are aware, as we should be, that judgment is a form of grace, just as grace is a form of judgment. God executed His judgment upon Christ in order that He may extend His grace to us. (2 Corinthians 5:21). Similarly, God extends His grace to His people (and mankind in general) when He destroys the wicked, because in destroying the wicked. He is averting their evil works that so plague God's children and mankind in general.
(Continued on Page 4)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / Page 4 / December 2003: Volume 14, Number 12
vm vn n nn of the godly towards
GOD'S ENEMIES (Continued from Page 3)
Isaiah knew the truth of which sentimental Christians are ignorant: "Let favor be shown to the wicked, yet will he not learn righteousness" (26:10); yet, "when Thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness" (26 :9). God’s judgment - not His favor - leads the world to righteousness. We should petition God’s judgment on die wicked because judgment is a form of grace.
"Up" With lmprecations(4)
It is not unreasonable to assume, therefore, that the terrible moral and spiritual plight the Western world is presently suffering is due partially to the sentimental attitude of die Christian Church. They are like citizens in a democracy who castigate the politicians but who neglect to vote. They hate perversion, abortion, and cults, but they are too queasy and sentimental to pray for God to judge perverts, abortionists, and cultists. They suffer from a sort of irrationality that accompanies those who refuse to affirm and perform the whole counsel of God.
Worse, no doubt some of them are reluctant to practice imprecatory praying because they believe that increased evil is a precursor to the Lord’s return. In other words, they enjoy the spread of evil because it indicates that die Lord is coming soon - "Yes, things are pretty bad; but praise God for the increased murder of infants, spread of AIDS, and molestation of children, because that means Jesus' coming is right around the comer.”
If that attitude seems perverse to you, that’s because it is. When we hate God's enemies (not our own [Matthew. 5:44]), we demonstrate our love for God (Psalms 139:19-22). When we cry out to God to judge speedily the wicked, we are expressing our hatred for the harmfulness of evil deeds and our desire that they be frustrated (Revelation 6:9-11).
We must be certain that it is God's enemies, not our own whom we hate (Psalm 139:21,22); and we must be sure our own hearts are clean in die sight of God (w. 23,24).
If we love God and hate evil, we should hate His enemies and pray that they, and consequendy their evil works, be judged.
LITERATURE CITED
(1)	See Charles Ryrie, Basic Theology (Wheaton,EL: Victor Books, 1986), 295,296.
(2)	Peter Ruekman, "Sovereign Grace Compared With Biblical Salvation," Lockland Baptist Witness, April 1958, 2.
(3)	See Psalms 7, 35, 55, 58, 59, 69, 79, 109, 137, 139.
(4)	imprecations are defined as: prayerfully uttered curses on God's enemies Fortunately, imprecatory prayer is experiencing a revival among Bible-bdievers; see Bill Hall, "imprecatory Prayer,* Faith For The Family, March, 1981, 10-14, Editorial [Bob Jones], idem , p 2; Gary North, When Justice Is Aborted, 90-94
Read Your Bible in 2004 * Time is growing short!
s
Ui *
GOD CARES FOR YOU, * § NO MATTER WHAT
The next time you feel like God can’t use y remember the following people:
NOAH was a drunk....
ABRAHAM was too old...
ISAAC was a daydreamer....
JACOB was a liar...
LEAH was ugly...
JEREMIAH and TIMOTHY were too young... DAVID had an affair & was a murderer...
ELIJAH was suicidal.
ISAIAH preached naked.
JONAH ran from God.
NAOMI was a widow.	f
JOB went bankrupt.
JOHN the Baptist ate bugs...
PETER denied Christ...
THE DICIPLES fell asleep while praying... MARTHA worried about everything.
MARY MAGDALENE was demon possessed...
The SAMARITAN WOMAN was divorced...more than once!!
ZACCHEUS was too small.
PAUL was too religious...
TIMOTHY had an ulcer....
AND LAZARUS WAS DEAD!
NO MORE EXCUSES!
Difficult moments. Seek God!
Quiet moments. Worship God!
Painful moments. Trust God!
Every moment. Thank God!
Happy moments. Praise God!
When there is nothing left but God that is when you find out God is all you need. Be Blessed
"Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God." (Philippians 4:6)
EDITORIAL NOTICE
Please check the date on your mailing label (if there is one on the label) The date of 12/2003 means that this is the last issue that you will receive, unless you notify us that you wish to continue receiving this newsletter.
*******
Requests for "recent publications" of the Congregations of Israel can be filled at this time. All other materials have been transferred temporarily to a storage facility to allow for a contractor to work on our quarters and availability of these materials may be subject to lengthy periods of time for retrieval. We apologize for this inconvenience.
Tht Virginia Christian Israelite / PAGE 5 / December 2003 Volume 14, Number 12
are your friends and family embarrassed and
ASHAMED OF YOUR BELIEFS?
Chuck Kuhltr, Pastor% Virginia Christian Israelites
Too often today, 1 encounter those who are of the Israel-Identity belief, and who have the knowledge of Scriptural truth, but lament that others of their family, and friends who are aware of their beliefs are embarrassed and ashamed for their supposed "unscriptural" views. Most often those who consider our beliefs to be unscriptural, are so steeped in the false and erroneous doctrines promoted by those institutions of churchianity who no longer have any resemblance to the New Covenant brought by our Saviour some 2000+ years ago.
Many of these churches offer the uninspired claim that we are no longer under the law, but we are under grace. They claim that the Old Testament was done away with when the Christ was crucified. They fail to explain the words of Jesus as found in Matthew 5:17, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets; I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill." One has to consider well that these supposedly "New Testament" Christians do use the Tea Commandments, found in Exodus, which just happens to be in the Old Testament, in their Order of Service. Why must they pick and choose what they will believe, and what they wont?
Thai we hear that our "beliefs" are racist in nature and contrary to the wishes of God. Well, 1 might ask, just who was the Bible written for? It is the story of "Adam man," and it traces these special people from Adam to the very end of this age (yet to come). Adam, according to Genesis 2, was not created, but formed of fire dust of the ground. In the interest of brevity, we will not include the entire genealogical listings, but suffice it to say that the lineage of Adam passed through Seth, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob-Israel, Moses, David, and Solomon, just to name a few of the more well-known descendants. The Bible is the story of these individuals and their peoples. It does not attempt to cover or explain the tribes of Africa, the people in the Orient, the various Indian clans of the Americas or other unrelated peoples found today in the world.
While all Caucasians (whites) are descended from Adam and Noah, not all may be descended from Jacob-Israel, and be a part of the twelve tribes of Israel.
Is this a "racist" philosophy, with the exclusion of other races and peoples? Perhaps, but it is inspired by the will of God, and what mortal man has the authority and audacity to "correct" God?
Most of the masses, including many Israelites, are ignorant of the words, and blind to the truths of Scripture. They rely and depend upon the preachers for their knowledge of what the Scriptures have to say. And the preachers, belonging to corporate churches, parrot the lines of their various denominations in order to secure
their careers and livelihood. It is nothing less than the fact of "the blind leading the blind."
The corporate churches have developed their own particular brand of Christian theology, borrowing much from the apostate Roman Church, and adding their own doctrines and traditions, following after the efforts of reform by Luther and others during the "Reformation."
It is a sad and telling fact that most preachers do not enjoy or seek out questions from their parishioners on matters of "theology and religion." It is to be accepted by both parties, without question, that the preacher is the learned expert and the final authority. Was it any different when Luther nailed his 95 thesis to the door of the church? Not at all! It is just another form and another time for church control of their perceived version of Christianity.
As "churchianity" gains additional power and self-determined "authority," we are witnessing the decline of Christianity, both from the perspective of its role in society and the effectiveness of its teachings upon mankind. And as Christianity loses its impact, we see the deterioration of our people and our culture. Morality, honesty, ethics and other positive conditions are sinking to new lows, and being replaced by violence, the use and acceptance of crude and foul language, lying and cheating, immorality, and adultery, just to name a few.
If) as is claimed, there are truly 70+ million born-again Christians present in this nation, 1 would have to speculate that they are either ineffective, or else they do not know what the term "born-again" means. The decline in Christian values over the past one or two decades has been staggering.
It can be a heart-rending and traumatic experience to be rejected by friends and especially by close family members who follow the traditions of men as promoted by false and misled preachers and their materialistic churches. I can understand that it is a somewhat comforting and warm feeling to be a part of the established church. But is that what God wants, and where does it state in the Bible that your beliefs and efforts on the part of the LORD are to be "easy" and "without any effort?" Throughout history, Christianity, has always excelled and progressed when being persecuted.
When I came into the knowledge of Scriptural truth, I fully realized that to accept such meant that 1 would have to change and alter my life. I certainly did not realize just what our heavenly Father had planned for me. It is an accepted fact that "man resents change," but you must determine who you will serve - God or man. Another question that might be considered in this situation is "why have you been chosen "?
Our Saviour informs us in John 15:16, %Ye have not chosen Me, but I have chosen you...” Is it possible, or even probable, that you have been specially chosen for some purpose of God in this world. In Matthew 5:11 we read, "Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and
(Continued on Page 6)
Thi Virgin fa Christian
Israelite / PACE 6 / December 2003: Volume 14, Number 12
* «c 1
ARK VOI R RR1ENPS AND FAMILY
KiMRARR ASSF.D AND ASHAMED OF YOUR
BtLitES* (Continued, from Page 5)
rvrv<vi/fi \i'n and shall sen’ all manner of evil against
f	w. w	*
piip falsely forMvsake*
| would recommend that you read the twenty-first chapter of I ukc. in which our Saviour speaks to conditions at the end of this age. Specifically, you should concentrate on verses 12, 15, 16 to see the antagonism which we will encounter. And in verse 17 we read, "And w shall be hated of all men for my name's sake * This shows exactly w hat conditions will prevail and what the situation will be like at the end of the age.
And in John 15:19-20 we told by the Christ, "If ye were of this world the world would love his own; hut because ye are not of this world, hut I have chosen you oat of this world, therefore the world hateth you. Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted Me, foey will also persecute you...* Times will be greatly w orsening as we near the end of this age.
We are to remain steadfast to the words of our Saviour and to the commands of our Heavenly Father. We are not to bend and yield to the platitudes of men - and this includes the pleadings of both close family and friends. We love our family, and we love our friends, but we must love our God even more.
We should continue to present the truth of Scripture to all of our people, and especially to family and friends. It is not easy to face failure in our efforts, but we are to present the truth and then pray for the Holy Spirit to move upon the hearts of family members and friends. The presentation and explanation of the Kingdom Message is our only responsibility. If our message is rejected, we should take heart and continue to present it on every occasion until total acceptance or final rejection. If acceptance is the result, we have brought another to the knowledge of the kingdom message. And if our efforts meet with total rejection, we are to shake the dust off our shoes and go on to another.
In essence, you are planting a seed. Seeds just don't spring up out of the ground immediately after being planted. They must first germinate before they sprout Realize that you may not always see the final result of your efforts.
I admonish you not to be ashamed and embarrassed over your beliefs. YOU have the knowledge and the truth, and you have been chosen. I am so convinced of the Christian Israel message, that I praise Yahweh our God and give Him all the glory for allowing me to see and tyq/Wafomd the truth of His word. Be thankful for having been chosen and let us be about the assigned work of the LORD Amen	.m	,	1U,,
God never leaves you.,.
He is just a prayer away i	|
Testing Your Bible Knowi^ M
1.	Who was famous as an eater of locusts? v (b
2. What four faithful men refused to eat the rich i	$
the king of Babylon?
3.	Who traded his bread-and-lentil stew for his brow.
birthright?
4.	Who had a baker who made pastries for him?
5.	What incident in David's life caused people to bring
him all manner of foods to eat?
6.	According to the Law, what was the Passover meal to
be composed of?
7.	What old man was deceived when his son dressed in
goatskin gloves and presented him with a meal of cooked goat?
8.	Who served cheese, milk, and veal to the Lord when
he made his appearance in the form of three men?
9.	What did Ezekial's edible scroll taste like in his
mouth?
10.	What judge of Israel cooked an angel a meal that
included a pot of broth?
11.	In what book of the Bible is Canaan first described as
a land flowing with milk and honey?
12.	What prized animal was killed for food when the
prodigal son returned home?
13.	In what country did the Hebrews feed on cucumbers,
melons, leeks, onions, and garlic?
14.	When Jacob's sons made a second trip to Egypt,
what food did they bring with them as a gift for Joseph?
15.	What prophet, who was a herdsman and fruit picker
by trade, had a vision of a basket of ripe fruit?
16.	Who ate honey out of a lion's carcass?
17.	What miraculous food resembled coriander seed?
18.	What prophet purified some deadly stew and a water
supply?
19.	Who cursed a fig tree for not bearing fruit?
20.	What ominous winged creature is described as
unclean in the Law?
21.	What prophet ate a book and found it sweet?
22.	According to Jeremiah, what kind of grape sets the
children's teeth on edge?
23.	What kind of herbs were the Israelites supposed to
eat with the Passover meal?
24.	Who posed a riddle about finding something sweet in
a lion's carcass?
25.	According to Jesus after the Resurrection, what
would his followers be able to drink?
26.	What substance - probably very bitter - did Moses
make the people of Israel drink?
27.	Who ate a book that was sweet at first but turned
bitter afterwards?
28.	According to Proverbs, what kind of water is sweet?
29.	What sweet substance was part of John the Baptist's
diet?
30	What prophet made some poison stew edible by
pouring meal into it?
31	According to Proverbs, what kind of bread is sweet to
to a man?
32	Who moved with Naomi to Moab to escape famine?
(Pteaae find the answers on Page 8)
rh* Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 7 / December 2003: Volume 14, Number 12
Which Anti*Christ, Vampire Jew devil, do you want for President?
Ken Francis
"That's (he big thing this season, Jewish ancestry."
You don’t need to be Jewish to be running as a Democrat for president, but it doesn’t hurt! No fewer than four candidates have Jewish ties and in some cases, at least, the controlled news media have made much of the fact
When Joe Lieberman ran as Al Gore’s running mate in die 2000 election, his standing as an Orthodox Jew was widely reported, as was his place in history as the first "openly” Jewish candidate on a major party ticket. This time around he’s seeking the White House.
John Kerry', who regularly had been referred to in articles as being Irish-Catholic, shocked the political world last February, when he announced that his immigrant grandfather was an Czech Jew named Kohn, who later changed his name to Kerry. And Kerry added that his paternal grandmother was also of Jewish descent.
When candidate Howard Dean’s wife has been mentioned, it’s usually as Mrs. Judy Dean, but at her office, she’s known as Dr. Judith Steinberg. Although Dean is an ex-Catholic who now identifies his faith as Congregationalist, his spouse is considered a "devout Jew" and their children are being raised as Jews.
The latest candidate with a Jewish connection to throw his hat into the ring is retired General Wesley K. Clark. According to some Jewish news sources, the telegenic former NATO commander during the Bosnian War (who some have accused of war crimes) and a player in the deadly assault of the Branch Davidians in Waco proudly boasts of coming from sturdy rabbinical stock.
In an article on Baltimore's Jewish Times website, reporter Ron Kampeas began with what for many readers may be something of a surprise:
Raised a Southern Baptist who later converted to Roman Catholicism, Gen. Wesley Clark knew just what to say when he strode into a Brooklyn Yeshiva in 1999, ostensibly to discuss his leadership of NATO's victory in Yugoslavia.
"1 feel a tremendous amount in common with you," the uniformed four-star general told the stunned roomful of students. "I am the oldest son, of the oldest son, of the oldest son — at least five generations, and they were all rabbis." This past March, Clark conceded that he might be wrong about the line of "rabbis" among his Jewish ancestors, but apparently Kampeas doesn't know this or doesn’t want to leave out a spicy detail. Later, Clark elaborated on his background when interviewed by a Jewish publication:
He told The Jewish Week in New York, which first reported the yeshiva comment in 1999, that his ancestors were not just Jews, but members of the priestly caste of Kohens.
Clark's Jewish father, Benjamin Kanne, died when he was 4, but he has kept in touch with his father's family since his 20’s, when he rediscovered his Jewish roots. He is close to a first cousin, Barry Kanne, who heads a pager company in Georgia.
’’Apparently Clark, 58, revels in his Jewish roots," writes Kampeas, who notes that he is a staunch supporter of Israel, who also ’’favors many of the liberal views popular with many Jews. He is pro-choice, and is strongly in favor of separating church from state." (In other words, he supports a social policy that is, in practical terms, atheistic.)
Concerning Clark's ancestery, Lowell Ponte, writing for Front Page magazine, adds:
Wesley's grandfather's name had been Jacob Nemerovsky when he fled from Russian pogroms in the 1890s to Switzerland, where he obtained a false passport with the family name Kanne with which he immigrated to the United States.
General Wesley Clark speaks fluent Russian and could become the first American President to do so. Why he has not boasted of this in campaigning for Leftist Democratic support is a mystery. His middle initial stands for Kanne, a detail left unmentioned in the "Meet the General" section of the official website of the Clark campaign. Die biography there is so sketchy as to make no mention whatsoever of his birth or upbringing.
But there are other connections, too, however. Kampeas writes that:
Two of Clark's top advisers are Jews who had prominent roles in the Clinton and Gore campaigns. Eli Segal was a top adviser to President Clinton in his first term; Ron Klain helped run Vice President Al Gore's 2000 campaign.
Having Jewish advisers, then, is definitely keeping with the times, but it is not nearly as trendy for the Democrats as being a Jew or at least having one in your family. "That's the big thing this season, Jewish ancestry," Clark said back in March, when he was still in the ranks of die undeclared. Commenting on this remark, the Washington Post asked:
Why would Clark mention his Jewish heritage in the context of it being "the big thing this season" if he weren't placing himself in the context of the presidential field? And why would anyone care about Clark's ancestry if he were not a candidate for president, or vice president, or perhaps a Cabinet post? These questions call to mind other ones that need to be covered in depth, such as: Why and how did being Jewish all of a sudden become the "in" thing for Democratic candidates? As opposed, say, to Catholic or Seventh Day Adventist?
Now that these questions have been answered with Clark's throwing his hat (or "yarmulke," to use the Post's quip) into the ring, the question becomes not: "Is he Jewish?" but "Is he Jewish enough?"
The CuagragiuLtuas of lentdl wtU be reprinting in the Spring <*f 2004, the paper	||
ChrlstUm Vot* far a NonChristUm?"
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 8 / December 2003: Volume 14, Number 12
V	? *
%	o
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE
(1) John the Baptist, Matthew 3:4; (2) Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, Daniel 1:3-16; (3) Jacob, Genesis 25:29-34; (4) The pharaoh of Joseph's time. Genesis 40:16-17; (5) His flight from the rebellious Absalom, 2 Samuel 17:22-29; (6) A roasted iamb, unleavened bread, and biter herbs. Exodus 12:3-10; (7) Isaac, Genesis 27:14-18; (8) Abraham, Genesis 18:1-8; (9) Honey, Ezekial 3:3; (10) Gideon, Judges 6:19; (11) Exodus. 3:8; (12) The fatted calf, Luke 15:23; (13) Egypt, Numbers 11:5; (14) Almonds, Genesis 43:11; (15) Amos, 8:1; (16) Sam9on, Judges t4.«; (17) Manna, Exodus 16:31; (18) Elisha, 2 Kings 2:19-22 and 4:38-41; (19) Jesus, Matthew 21:14; (20) The bat, Leviticus 11:13-19; (21) CzeWal, 2:9-3:3. (22) Sour, Jeremiah 31:29; (23) Bitter herbs. Exodus 12*; (24) Samson, Judges 14:14; (25) Poison, Mark 16:17-18; (26) Gold dust from the golden calf Moses had destroyed, Exodus 32:20; (27) John, Revelation 10:9-10; (28) Stolen water, Proverbs 9:17; (29) Honey, IflMhtw 3*; (30) Elisha, 2 Kings 4:41; (31) Bread of deceit, Proverbs 20:17; (32) Eimelech, Ruth 1:1-2__________________
A Humorous Anecdote
"One for you, One for me"
On the outskirts of a small town, there was a big, old pecan tree just inside die cemetery fence. One day, two boys filled up a bucketful of nuts and sat down by the tree, out of sight, and began dividing the nuts.
"One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me, ” said one boy.
During the counting, several of die nuts dropped and rolled down toward the fence.
Another boy came riding along the road on his bicycle. As he passed, he thought he heard voices from inside the cemetery. He slowed down to investigate. Sure enough, he heard, "One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me."
He just knew what it was. He jumped back on his bike and rode off. Just around the bend he met an old man with a cane, hobbling along. "Come here quick," said the boy, "you won't believe what I heard! Satan and the Lord are down at the cemetery dividing up the souls.”
The man said, "Beat it kid, can’t you see it's hard for me to walk "
Whoi the boy insisted though, the man hobbled to the cemetery. Standing by the fence they heard, "One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me..."
The old man whispered, "Boy, you've been tellin' the truth. Let’s see if we can see the Lord " Shaking with fear, they peered through the fence yet were still unable to see anything.
The old man and the boy gripped the wrought iron bars of the fence tighter and tighter as they tried to get a glimpse of the Lord.
At last they heard, "One for you, one for me. That’s all. Now let’s go get those nuts by the fence and we’ll be done."
... They say the old man made It back to town a full 3 minutes ahead of the boy on the bike,
Having an Abortion dottnl make you unpregnant,, .It makes you tha
mother of a dead baby!	I
IRAQ
Some interesting points to consider
Today, one might think of Iraq as only an oil ridMH nation which had been ruled by an evil dictator for the past 30+ years. Whether it had been supporting terrorists or not, may not have been considered very important, but here are some facts regarding the history and roles that this nation (geographically) has played down through history. Did you know that...
(1)	The Garden of Eden was in Iraq, although today it
does not look much like a paradise.
(2)	Mesopotamia, which is now Iraq, is considered by
many scientific types to be the cradle of modem civilizations.
(3)	Noah built the ark in Iraq.
(4)	The tower of Babel was in Iraq.
(5)	Abraham was from Ur, which is located in southern Iraq.
(6)	Isaac’s wife Rebekah was from Nahor, which is in
Iraq.
(7)	Jacob met Rachel in Iraq,
(8)	Jonah preached in Nineveh, which is in Iraq.
(9)	Assyria, which is in Iraq, conquered the twelve tribes of Israel.
(10)	Amos cried out in Iraq.
(11)	Babylon, which is in Iraq, destroyed Jerusalem.
(12)	Daniel was in the lion’s den in Iraq.
(13)	The fiery furnace of Daniel was in Iraq.
(14)	Belshazzar, the King of Babylon, saw the "writing on the wall” in Iraq.
(15)	Nebuchadnezzar, King of Babylon carried the captives of Jerusalem into Iraq.
(16)	Ezekial preached in Iraq.
{17) The wise men who visited the infant Jesus were from Iraq. [Where are the "wise men" today?}
(18)	Peter preached in Iraq.
(19)	The ’’Empire of Man,’’ described in Revelation is called Babylon which was a city in Iraq.
Iraq was important in centuries past, is important today and will be important in the future in the fulfilling and completion of God’s Word.
We thought that you may find this of interest.
THIS HAS BEEN SAID:
Our Lord Jesus Christ made the supreme sacrifice for His people, Israel.
We, of this ancient race, are, therefore, doubly in debt to our Lord. Have we, because of that sacrifice, ordered our lives more wisely, endeavored to tread "the way” He showed and to keep "all His Laws"? Are we moved by a loftier conception of His Will and a determination to do everything in our power to bring about that which He so desires - the Kingdom of God on earth?
From "THY KINGDOM COME"
11m Asauyuiliun of tha Cuveu&ul People, Uuiuaty, Q.C., Cauaik
vnvmta Christian Israelite / PAGE 9 / December 2003: Volume 14, Number 12
ON GOVERNMENT
Stephen Contrndo, Th.M.
12 Park Avenue, Hull, M A 02045 The legal establishment has taken on a life of its own like some cruel monster created in a mad scientist's laboratory. We live in a nation that has more laws and statutes than any other nation in history The nation's prisons are overcrowded. But, despite the number of laws, crime abounds. It is not safe to walk the streets of American cities at night, and often broad da\hght gives no respite (Just turn on the news tonight if you doubt it.) Lawyers are needed to resolve most civil disputes. And high-paid attorneys make up the largest category of politicians
The nation is sinking. We are in the current predicament because rulers have favored science over the Word of God for the fundamental principles of law. We are in a mess because the fegH establishment doesn't know its proper role or place (Acts 4 18-20). Reason should serve our understanding of God, and not seek to abolish him. The Republic's founding fathers based tile Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and State governments on divine revelation. Absolute truth is best expressed in maxims. If we want to see good government, we as a people should cherish the maxims found in these official documents. Today, legislators think they know more. (Or are they satisfying their own interests and desires?) Numerous problems of the judiciary and executive stem from the legislative body They then collude and become partners in this defection.
If we observe maxims of the law, we find a time-tested foundation for government. These maxims became part of the institutions, customs, and common law of the land. They promoted the nation's political strength and geographical expansion. They made the laws of the several states more uniform Sir William Blackstone (1723-1780) said that maxims are "somewhat like axioms in geometry." Thomas Jefferson highly praised and recommended for study. Sir Edward Coke's Institutes. Coke (1552-1634) used maxims to support his legal dissertations
What do the most important of these maxims teach us? They show us that our Republic is based on liberty and wisdom stemming from God's sovereignty. One warns: It is more serious to hurt Divine than temporal majesty (11 Coke, 29). Another stales: The Christian religion is part of the common law (Lofft 327). And a third declares: That which is against Divine Law is repugnant to society and is void (C.L.M). Legislators never questioned the Bible's divine inspiration and universal value. Today, legislators and pastors think they understand more. They advocate concepts of the "separation of church and state" that are alien to both sound republican government and Christian ethics We are witnessing the sad results of their advocating a new morality,
Paul said, "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers* (Romans 13:1). He didn't say Christians are above the law of the rulers (carchon: chief, magistrate, prince, ruler) because they are saved by grace He said, "they that resist shall receive damnation" (Romans 13:2). Paul said this because he knew Israelite history He perceived how God guarantees liberty He knew how Israel-Jacob unanimously ratified their constitution, (See Deuteronomy 36-19,) He iMI prophets addressed the rulers and the people. He believed that the king as the civil ruler should enforce God's law (2 Chronicles 15:8-13) King Hezekiah, for example, even had to
tell the priests and Levites to clean up the temple (2 Chronicles 29:3-5). Paul knew these things were done for our edification He witnessed how ignorance of Scripture and disobedience led to slavery (Deuteronomy 3:21).
Civil rulers are God's ministers, and they are to enforce Christian morality. But today they neglect their duty and encourage the churches to reject Christian ethics. If we are to obey government, then we should insist upon its integrity. God is no respecter of persons. He does not pamper an elite class. Many of our so-called leaders send their children to exclusive schools and live in exclusive neighborhoods where they are removed from the dangers of the liberal laws they pass. Are they claiming that might is right and proposing rigid enforcement of laws by arms? Restoring aristocratic pretensions? Or are they demanding unquestioning obedience to all human laws? In a sense, the mark of the beast is a big wig, lineage, and ribbons on an arrogant and shallow brain. No size purse compensates for a small mind. The devious Machiavellian heart can never know the value of honest work. Die Republic cannot afford such a legal establishment. How we need the wisdom of Joseph (Genesis 41:39)!
People are destroyed for lack of knowledge of the law (Hosea 4:6). There is no contradiction between morality and popular rights. Laws are best written upon the hearts and minds of enlightened citizens (Hebrews 4:10). In the interests of liberty we must cultivate a Christian public sentiment in our town meetings, schools, and churches (Deuteronomy 6:6-9). Only citizens who know the word of God will love and defend a republic (Proverbs 28:1). Webster said, "The greatest thought of my life is that of my individual responsibility to God." The Bible prepares men and women for enjoying liberty and qualifies them to meet their responsibility as lawmakers and American citizens. We are a free people who proclaim liberty and bear rule. The faithfulness of Israel-Jacob to the Word of God ennobled them and saved them from all despotic oppression. Only a public conscience passes on political liberty. The law of God was never annulled. In the last days the law shall go forth (Micah 4:1-2). We are living in the last days now. Look to our destiny!
The Bible identifies corrupt government and warns God's people about it, and even, in certain instances, looks upon bad government as idolatrous worship. (See Esther 3:8; Daniel 3 &
6; Matthew 2:16.) Liberty requires vigilance. When the laws of men conflict with the law of God, we are to obey the latter. Governments have imprisoned no few great preachers. John Bunyan (1628-1688), for example, wrote the spiritual classic The Pilgrim's Progress while in prison, and it remains a best seller to this day.
Government never profits in the execution of a law that is manifestly unjust. Conscientious men and women are the friends of government. The great end of government is human wellbeing Its use arises from the service it performs. Law and authority are nothing in themselves. Christ Jesus himself sums up all truth about government, saying, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's” (Matthew 22:21). Our primary allegiance is to God. Mind the law that preserves the Republic and honors Christian values, worship the Lord!
I PRAY LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT I