fBl'
f1AM ISlAEILlf 1
v >t
‘ 17 f 4 / * 4
J! :/*;*/■
■f'i:
THF NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Box 109 • Round Hill Virginia 20142
0	$	r * J .	'	14* ■ i
Vv> ■WMfe'i'-l
Scotland
■* . ’L* ?	**■'
:*-> KSVV^r.Vv (* '•*. Southern Russia
January 1999: Volume 10, Number 1
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]

SPEAK OUT WITH THE AUTHORITY OF GOD ft KEEP TOUR FAITH STRONG!
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
I had intended to write on a different topic for this space, but realizing that we are embarking on a new year, perhaps a most important one, I thought that it would be surely appropriate to present a more inspirational message...one that strengthens our resolve and faith for what the future will be bringing.
life see the world all around us disintegrating and deteriorating at what appears to be an ever-accelerating pace. Most all of the readers of this newsletter are cognizant of this decline. Many people in today’s world, and especially those who are aware of the "times," often state that they are discouraged and disappointed in their efforts to inform friends and family of what is happening. I will confess that at times I experience these same feelings and the frustration of apparent failure, in spite of my best efforts.
It is then that I must stop and reflect upon the fact that it is not "my efforts" but "our efforts." My Heavenly Father and my Saviour have a part to play in this effort. I can only present His word (to the best of my ability) and then it is up to God, in the person of the Holy Spirit to move upon that person or persons and cause them to accept this knowledge and information Rejection of the message can be all the more difficult, especially when it involves one’s family. So many have been deluded by the various organizational arms of churchianity that they are both deaf and blind to the truth of Yahweh. By' no means can you force acceptance upon anyone, as it is up to each individual to accept or reject on their own.
When you see our governments wasting God’s resources and our leaders (referred to as politicians) involved in corruption, moral decadence, unethical behavior, and outright falsehoods to the American people, accept this as a reflection of our society, but don’t condone these actions. Speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong.
When you see the filth and sex produced and promoted by the Kenites and their dominance of the so-called "entertainment" and "amusement" industries, don't fall to their levels by attending such movies or watching such programs. If our people wouldn’t patronize these abominations, their production would cease as their would be no profit. Speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong.
When you see the homosexuals and lesbians flaunting and promoting their "gay" life and mannerisms all in the name of an alternative lifestyle, remember that in the eyes of God there is no such thing as an alternative to a proper lifestyle. Why is AIDS (a disease and condition allowed by God) taking such a toll on the fags and whoremongers? Read Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 and speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong.
When you see the mixing of the races (miscegenation) with the blessings of ignorant clergy and the approval of man’s laws, remember God’s law of "kind after kind," found in Genesis 11 and the unlawful intercourse laws found in Leviticus 18 and 20. God did indeed make different races in His creation and He said it was good. Man attempts to make new hybrid races by crossbreeding in violation of God’s statutes. The judgments of God will come upon those who mock His ways. Speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong.
When you read, see or hear the media supporting the ungodly and promoting all manner of situations and conditions which are in contrast with God’s word and laws, remember that they reflect the manner and desires of anti-Christ Kenites. They seek to confuse and confound with "commentaries" which are anything but unbiased. Speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong.
[Continued on Page 2]
PAGE 2
Th* Virginia Christian Israelite
SPLAR OUT KEtP YOUR FAITH STRONG [from Page 1 ]
Uihen you heat the hyphenated words ”Judeo-Christian' rem»«tier that Christianity is not derived or evolved from Judaism* In fact, they are diametrically opposite in nature and scope* The term **Jew’* can be traced to word *3udahitef" (from Judah, one of the twelve sons of Jacob-IsraelWhen you hear words indicating tftfe Abraham, Isaac and Jacob were Jews, you know you are hearing physical untruth* How can the father, grandfather and great-grandfather have characteristics fealonging to an individual (Judah in this case)* Abraham* Isaac, and Jacob-Israel were Hebrews - not Jews! In John 14*6, we read the Saviour*s words* **I am the way* the truth, and the life* no man cometh unto the Tathar, but by Pie*** If the Jews reject Christ, how can they come unto the Father*•• they cannot. Speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong* \#>en you seek God in empty churches, do not become discouraged. Do you really expect to find God where He is not wanted? When the Baal ministers condemn you for speaking truth, and call you cultists, occult, or worse do not become faint. Read Matthew 5:3-12 and understand ycxir oppressors. They are not seekers of truth, and there is no truth in them. They follow the traditions o* man serving mammon rather than God. Truth exposes these heretics and minions of Satan for what they are* There are very few churches where you will find God. Cnurchianity has become nothing more than materialistic big business with a major concern for financial profit. 8e not afraid. Speak out with the authority of God and keep your faith strong.
We are castigated, oppressed, and even persecuted fxir beliefs. Consider our ancient forefathers... -orahaffi, Jacob-Israel, Moses, Joshua, etc. Do you think had it easy? They had faith and they persevered unto the end. Yahweh is still with us, and if bs with us, who can be against us? Our Saviour speaks to us in Matthew 28:20, **...I am with you alway, ewarf jnto the end of the world [age].’* If you believe, wnat have you to fear? Faith must go with **works** to be effective [James 2:17-20]* You cannot have faith and store it in a dark closet somewhere never to be used. faltn is something that cannot be used up...it is con-
stantly being renewed by belief in the word of God.
As the darkness of this worldly system descends around us, and as evil appears overtiming, and as we appear to be few facing against many, it is important
that you kaap your Faith in God foremost in your heart and adnd as this is sll that will sustain you in the foythtscwi^ of turmoil	!!•	otiosd#
Don't M oohmmd of /our ballaf and faith In tha djjjij y+/ God* ito hawa th# author It/ of Cod'a word aa to our conduct In thorn avll tin**. if ara to apaak out for our God. Lot thoaa uho apurn and dan/ tha truth rosllto that tha/ will haw. to anauar for th.lr action*
or Inaction*. That din ilttl* IHM th* •nd of tong dark tunnol will ™ot 90 out and .111
OrCpum* unto ultlooto oalvatlon. IfW*
•nd lump /our faith otron. In God,
Testing Your Bibi



A
%


/
&
<r
jb\

/ *
" «y
& 6 A



A
* A?]
<r J
1. What did Jesus eat after his A he was not a mere phantom?
2* Who fasted for forty days on p|QUn 3* Who had a Passover meal with hi3 jm upper room?
4# Who received meals brought by birds?
5. Who was raped after bringing a meal to edly sick brother?
6* What meat was eaten at the Passover meal? ->
7# Who sold his birthright for a bowl of soup? ^
8# Who humbled himself and fasted when	\
Naboth*s murder?
9. Who fasted after his child by Bathsheba died?
10# How many men had bound themselves by an oath fast until they had killed Paul?
11# Who prepared a meal for two angels in Sodom?
12.	Who obtained his father*s blessing by preparing hin| a meal and pretending to be his brother?
13.	What was the first sinful meal?
14.	Who fasted for forty days after his baptism?
15* Who was on a ship with 275 passengers who faste|
for fourteen days?
16.	What Roman official was fasting and praying when a| angel told him to send for Peter?
17.	Who read the prophecy of Jeremiah when the peopl| of Jerusalem gathered for a fast?
18.	What prophet*s preaching drove the people of Ninj evah to fast?
19.	Who fasted before leaving Babylonia for Jerusalem?
20.	Who angered his father by unwittingly breaking fast while pursuing the Philistines?
211 What two apostles prayed and fasted as they chose| elders for the churches?
22.	What king of Judah proclaimed a fast when the Moabites attacked?
23.	bJhat pagan king fasted after Daniel had been thrown into the lions* den?
24.	Who proclaimed a day of fasting as part of the scheme to get Naboth’s vineyard?
25.	What, according to Jesus, do prayer and fasting accomplish?
26.	Who was Paul waiting for while he fasted three days in Damascus?
27.	What king fasted all day and night while unsuccessfully inquiring of the Lord?
28* What official in the Persian court fasted before presenting his case to the king?
29. Who fasted and wore sackcloth as he prayed for the liberation of his people from Persia?
50. What church*a eiders fasted before sending Paul and Barnabas out as missionaries?
51 * Where were the Israelites when Samuel had them fasting because of their idolatry?
32* After F/ra had raad the law to the people, what was the main sin that caused them to fast?
(Please eee answers an Page 6)
PAGE 3
January 1999: Volume 10, Number 1
I
|p Christian Israelite
God is Speaking - Are You Listening?
Chuck Kuhler, Pastor Virginia Christian Israelites
From time to time I will hear people say, "I pray to God, but I never hear from Him, and my prayers are not answered."
I often ask them why is it that God has never spoken to them, as He speaks to many every day. I learn that they have spoken a quick prayer to God, and then gone on with whatever they were doing without listening for God’s answer. It is not enough to speak a two-minute prayer and then wait ten seconds for an answer before picking up the telephone, or going shopping, or cleaning house, or cooking dinner, or mowing the lawn, etc. That is not the way to commune with the Almighty.
I have found that before praying or speaking with God, you must place all of your other thoughts out of your mind and have a clear and open mind without any of life’s many encumbrances.
God most often speaks quietly. Perhaps we have been Ingrained with the idea that when Yahweh speaks, the heavens are parted with a booming voice from heaven which literally shakes the earth - shades of a Hollywood production. God is answering you and your prayer, He is not providing that answer to all who live in the same city or county as you do. Very often God speaks through intermediaries such as the angel to Abraham in Genesis 23:11,12,15-18; Moses to the Israelites in Exodus 19-35; an angel to the Israelite in Judges 2; the angel to Joseph in Matthew 1:20; the angel to Zechariah (fattier of John the Baptist) in Luke 1:11; and the angel to Mary (mother of Christ) in Luke 1:26-37. In some instances the messenger of God (an angel) has come in a dream and at other times in the persons conscious state.
I am not a constant dreamer while sleeping, and in fact I dream very little in a comatose state. When I do have a dream, it takes on all of the revelations of the Divine, and is most vivid in my memory. Perhaps it is an extension of my early childhood when I was told to say my prayers when retiring for the evening, but I find prayer most beneficial just before going to sleep at night. It is still and quiet and I can clear my mind and commune with the Father. Often times, my dreams reflect the answers to my prayers.
In our fast-paced life today, we may pray to Yahweh, but we never take the time to listen for His reply. God is speaking to us on an everyday basis, but we are not listening for or to Him, If you are waiting for the heavens to open and a thunderous voice coming from the heavens to know that God is speaking to you, you are missing a great deal of communication from God. He speaks in a quiet voice and on a personal basis.
I would urge and highly recommend that you listen for God in a quiet manner. It will help you to establish guidelines for life and answers to all of your
questions. This does not mean that we waste God's time in frivolous or callous requests. Our Saviour has given us instruction in this matter in Matthew 6:5-13:
"But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut the door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. But when ye pray, use not vain [meaningless] repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they will be heard for their much speaking. Be not ye therefore like unto them:
For your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask Him. After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen.
We all know of religious groups in churchianity who most piously pray in a continuous repetitive form. We all know of religious groups who pray to anyone and everyone no matter how near or distant from any semblance of "Christianity." And yet, in the above passage of scripture, our Saviour tells us not to use "vain repetitions," assuming, on our part, that God has not heard us the first time. We are further told that our Father knows what "our needs are before we ask Him." Please note that the word "needs" is used here, not what our "desires" are.
And of course, we are not instructed to pray to anyone but God the Father. There is no sense in attempting to pray to this saint or that saint, or to the Virgin Mary, or to the patriarchs, or anyone else.
Praying is a way of communicating with God, albeit a one-sided communication. In order for us to hear God, we must take some time out of what may be a busy schedule, or some time away from the viewing of mindless TV programs, to sit quietly and listen to what God is telling us. God is not going to try to shout out over the din and confusion of our lives. And, if our ears	.
are shut, God is not going to tell us to open our ears and hear what He is saying, as we will not hear Him.
God is talking to us every day! If only we would take and make time to hear what He is telling us. To those who claim that God never speaks to them, perhaps you need to consider why you are not hearing Him, And remember, God is speaking to you on a personal basis.
He is not going to thunder out to you from the heavens as Hollywood may depict in their epics.,,do you really think that Hollywood knows what God is like?
In these troublous and perilous times, it is vital for God’s people to communicate with the Almighty, It is important for us to know what our Father wants of us. Pray like your life depends upon it, because in truth it really does.
0)
p
<D
*3
V4
(ft
rhe Virginia Christian Israelite
The following article is Part II of a series on SALVATION written by a member of our prison ministry who is currently the clerk to the institutional chaplain. We will be publishing additional segments in the future.
SALVATION
HQM DOES SOMEONE GET SAVED?
By PHILLIP HUPBER
(140684 - P.0. Box 8, B2-79, Elmore, AL 36025)
"For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.” (Romans 10:13)
”For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God.”
(Ephesians 2:8)
It's obvious from the above verses that calling upon the name of the Lord Jesus in faith is how someone is actually "saved.” This is the action that brings about the purging of the conscience so that the believer's soul can communion with the spirit. What is usually not understood very well here is the "faith” part. The safest and best way to find out what faith is, is to let the scripture define it for itself: "So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God” (Romans 10:17). Faith is a gift (Ephesians 2:8), that comes by hearing the WORD of God. Therefore, salvation comes by hearing the WORD of God and calling upon the name of Jesus. But what kind of hearing is this that faith comes by?
"Why do ye [.Pharisees] not understand my [Jesus'] speech? Even because ye cannot hear my word.”
(John 8:43)
Here, after one of Jesus' confrontations with the Pharisees in the temple. He tells them to their face that they couldn't understand Him because they couldn't hear His word. They were right in front of Him listening to Him yet they couldn't hear Him! Undoubtedly, this is not a physical hearing that Jesus is referring to, but a spiritual hearing or perception that in turn brings understanding.
This is the same kind of hearing that faith comes by. Faith comes by a perception [hearing], that brings understanding. But where is it we hear or perceive the WORD of God? In Romans 10:9-10, we read: "...The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word if faith, which we preach; That if thou shall confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.”
The faith that brings salvation is initiated by a perception [hearing] of the word of God in your heart. Peter speaks of this "word” that brings salvation as a seed by which we are born again. Faith is a two step
1
•A
13
to
-A
t
process and belief of the
step. The second and « of faith, i
first
'work
’• f
the confession

Fait..
n has to have this work or it's
,h- nn i tames 2:12,26). So in essence, nothing	, hoarf aP1-i •, *^4^.
u._	__i coneone s heart, and xt
nuts HlS WOrO in	^
.	. Iinnn hy confessing it, that
hplieved, and acted upon	.___
o	,	h_uinQ their conscience purges
13 then	Jesus.	1
washed from sin y	Qf things hoped for.
Faith is the substance^^	I
th. evidence o	t	probably the most widJ
This verse of scripture is P	I
x	and	in light of what has a
used in defining faith. Ana 1 y______________________	clsaJ
.______.	.	riofinifcion becomes even clears
ready been said, the ctefinition^^ 1# thQ obe
True Faith has a substance. The s**3
m« (the work of faith), to the inward word of God.
The English-----■	used in this verse
nrH
9\f
iencs
translated from the Greek word elegechos (e ®n9 knos; Strong's 1650), which means, proof or convictioij It is also translated as reproof. This Greek word com* from "elegcho” (el-eng'-kno; Strong's 1651), whicfl means to confute and admonish. It is translated a convict, convince, tell a fault, rebuke, and reprove! The word "evidence" in this verse would be bettel translated as "conviction.” The NASB does translate itl as "conviction.” Faith has a substance (obedience), itl is based on a conviction (evidence).
"And they which heard it, being convicted by their own I conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even to the last...” [John 8:9] Conviction comes by means of the conscience. Here, men were tempting Jesus as to what should be done with an adulteress. Jesus spoke His "word," they "heard" it, were "convicted" in their conscience, and "acted" on it. This is how faith works. Faith is the obedience (substance), to the conviction (evidence), of the word (as manifested to the conscience).
When Paul ministered, he ministered to the conscience, not to the mind. He knew how the conscience works. He was a fisher of men and he knew where to cast the bait. He knew it was by the conviction of God in a man's conscience whereby he can be saved, not by the appealing of logic to the mind. He writes in 1 Corinthians 1:17, "For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect." The "effect" of the preaching of the cross of Christ to the conscience is the conviction of truth, whereas the wisdom of words appeals to man's mind.
In summary, how does someone get saved? A good example is found in the book of Acts; "Mow when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do? Then Peter said unto them. Repent, and be baptized everyone of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit." [Acts 2:37-38]
This passage of scripture comes directly after Peter
[Continued on Page 6]
PAGE 5
January 1999: Volume 10, Number 1
S*	a	Christian	Israelite
Y2fc A CONTINUING UPDATE
By Pastor Chuck Kuhler & Henry Hofmann Virginia Christian Israelites
Various individuals and groups of what might be referred to as ’’Conservative Christians,” have been for the past several years speaking out on the forthcoming computer glitch known as Y2K or the millennium problem. Up until most recently, the |establishment media” has been very silent on this issue, perhaps not having formulated their unified commentary. While many people are not even familiar with, or cognizant of the potential problems, the fact that some groups have been speaking out has caused the ’’authorities” and the ’’media” to come up with some answers to stem a growing public apprehension.
The Virginia Christian Israelites has presented some data and information on the Y2K issue from the standpoint of making the matter known. There is however, much in the way of conflicting and confusing information which clouds the matter, making accurate analysis difficult, if not impossible. We have not wanted to "bury” the matter and remove it from thought, but we do not want to ’’panic” people with unsubstantiated and perhaps erroneous information. While some financial institutions, government agencies, medical and health groups, manufacturing and business entities, etc. claim that they are, or will be compliant by January 1, 2000, we are not convinced that they are telling the truth. There are two major problems which indicate potential trouble ahead. Firstly, much of the older mainframe equipment is still being used, and upgrading of this equipment is almost impossible due to the manufacturing technique of ’’burning” instructions into various components. Secondly, and perhaps more important is the factor of "networking,” in which thousands, tens of thousands, or hundreds of thousands of systems communicate and inter-relate with each other. In order to eliminate this "networking” problem, all systems must be upgraded in order not to contaminate the overall network through communication. This, we do not think is possible, at this time.
To be sure, we will most probably not have to wait until January 1, 2000 to see if a problem exists. Most government agencies and many private sector companies have a "fiscal year" which commences on or about July 1, 1999. The federal government has October 1, 1999 as the date for the commencement of fiscal year 2000. This is not to say that these dates are "fixed in stone," as government has a way of "delaying” the acceptance and recognition of major problems. But there is the possibility that these dates will give us some insight into potential problems.
The question that most all will ask is, "How serious will this problem be? After studying the issue for the past year, speaking to those who should know and analyzing all manner of information, we have arrived
at some "educated predictions.” We do most definitely feel that at least there will be some minor problems which will have some affect on most everyone. As for major problems with some of the "electrical grids" which supply the nation’s power, there are currently more than 700 providers who are not compliant. This number is sure to decline during this calendar year, but by how much we don’t know. We have contacted fifty financial institutions about the Y2K issue, and all have responded by saying that they are "working" on the problem and do not expect any difficulties. This will remain to be seen. Evidently there is some concern by the authorities about the possibility of "runs" on the banks, as the U.S. Treasury Dept, has been authorized by the Federal Reserve to increase the money supply by $12 billion to decrease the possibility of hoarding of cash in the months ahead.
There are so many possibilities of systems failure that it would be impossible to list all of them. Will your health care system be affected? How about your drivers license and auto insurance? Will state and local taxes be on file and correct? What about law enforcement records and prison records? Will credit cards and credit institutions have correct records? Will water and electric bills be accurate?
In addition to some of the things mentioned, what about transportation systems? Of particular relevance in this category is the shipment of food supplies. In most cities and localities, there is only a few days supply of food, being constantly replenished by our nationwide transportation network. People do not have to buy incidentals such as a shirt or shoes, but they do have to eat and food is a primary necessity.
Some say that the storage of food and grain is not scriptural and indicates a lack of trust in God. To those individuals I would refer them to Genesis 41, and Joseph's interpretation of Pharaoh’s dream, and Jacob's admonition unto	his sons in Genesis	42. Most people
will not "see" the forthcoming problem and will not prepare...could	it be	only those	who discern	the
forthcoming problem and the "signs of the times" who prepare? Who could doubt the ridicule and derision that Noah and his sons endured as they built the ark in accordance with God's instructions. The storage of food however, is not something which you want to publicize, based upon its probable future necessity. Those who ridicule you beforetime, would not be likely to gracefully starve to death, while you munched on survival rations. We are	given	guidance in the scriptures	for
our conduct in	these	matters. In 1	Timothy 5:8,	we
read: "But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house [family], he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel [unbeliever]." We are to take care of and provide for our family first. Just what are the limits of our "family" may vary from one to another, based upon different considerations. In Luke 11:21, we are told by our Saviour: "When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace." [Continued on Page 7]
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 6
MONET MADNESS
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
Greed is a type of madness* During the American Gold Rush the phrase "gold fever" came into vogue. People became capable of extreme behavior including murderous and criminal deeds to acquire the valuable metal. Many died of cold, hunger, and disease in pursuit of gold. Prospectors cherished the glittering element and hoped to make fortunes as they staked out territory and raised new towns overnight. The cost of food and commodities soared. During the Klondike gold rush eggs sold for a dollar apiece. With every material gain came depreciation.
The more things change the more they stay the same. Today human nature is no different. External forms pass away, but certain godless social values endure. People still dream of gold at the rainbow's end. They pan for profits in the stock market worshipping the golden calf and idols above the Creator and Law Giver. At best Wall Streeters pay lip service to morality, but in practice they deny the relevance of Christianity in favor of expediency, deceit, and cunning. The nation's fitness is based on indexes of the relative price of selected industrial, transportation, and utility stocks. And this economic determinism is praised as responsible living. Money leads people down the tortuous path of selfishness and relativism.
The faith of the corporate ruling class depends on the numbers on the Wall Street Big Board and the ticker tape. But most people caught up in the money scramble never make it into the limelight of the winner's circle. Their keeping up with the Joneses won't include the luxuries nor the conspicuous consumption with its frills and thrills. These modern wealth and pleasure seekers will miss out on a meaningful spiritual security in life, for worldly assets that amount to nothing at life's critical junctures. They will possess neither inner strength in times of turmoil nor comfort in times of suffering.
Solomon was king of Israel at the nation's height. But of wealth, he said, "He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity. When goods increase, they are increased that eat them: and what is there to the owners thereof, saving the beholding of them with their eyes" [Ecclesiastics 5:10,11].
The New Testament also declares the futility of worldly wealth, that mammon and God are disparate. Jesus himself set the example of a holy life of poverty in contrast to the Jewish expectation of a rich and political messiah. Jesus said, "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust dost corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal: but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do
January 1999: Volume
not break through nor steal: for where your is, there will your heart be also" [Matthew
One should consider well the advice of the Ap _______
John when setting one's priorities in life: "Love fH the world, neither the things that are in the world. 1 any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the Father, but of the world. And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever" [1 John 2:15-17].
SALVATION How Does Someone Get Saved: [from Page 4] preaches "Christ, and Him, crucified" (1 Corinthians 2:2), on the day of Pentecost (Acts 2:14-26). What happened here is that when Peter clearly manifested the truth to the people's consciences, the Lord also bore witness through the spirit. By these two witnesses, the "seed word" of truth pricked (convicted) their consciences. This fulfills the requirements of God's law in having two witnesses to establish truth (Numbers 35:30; Deuteronomy 17:6; 19:15; 2 Corinthians 13:1). The people perceived (heard) the conviction, and acted on it by confessing it. The "seed word" spoken forth initiates the purging of the conscience by the blood of Christ. It is only by "hearing" this word that faith comes. This is the kind of faith that saves.
Answers to Testing Your Bible Knowledge - from Page 2 (1) Fish, Luke 24:38-43; (2) Moses, Exodus 34:27-28; (3) Jesus, Matthew 26:1-30; (4) Elijah, fed by ravens, 1 Kings 17:3-6; (5) Tamar, 2 Samuel 13:1-14; (6) Lamb, Exodus 12:1-20; (7) Esau, Genesis 25:29-34; (8) Ahab, 1 Kings 21:27; (9) David, 2 Samuel 12:15-16; (10) Forty, Acts 23:20-21; (11) Lot, Genesis 19:1-3; (12) Jacob, Genesis 27:1-29;	(13)	The forbidden fruit.
Genesis 3:6;	(14)	Jesus,	Matthew	4:1-2;	(15)	Paul,
Acts 27:33; (16) Cornelius, Acts 10:1-3; (17) Baruch, Jeremiah 36:9-10; (18) Jonah, 3:4-10; (19) Ezra, 8:21-23; (20) Jonathan, 1 Samuel 14:24-27; (21) Paul and Barnabas, Acts 14:23; (22) Jehoshaphat, 2 Chronicles 20:1-4; (23) Darius, Daniel 6:18; (24) Jezebel, 1 Kings 21:8-10; (25) Driving out demons, Matthew 17:21; (26) Ananias, Acts 9:9; (27) Saul, 1 Samuel 28:20; (28) Nehemiah, 1:1-4; (29) Daniel, 9:3-4; (30) Antioch's, Acts 13:1-3; (31) Mizpah, 1 Samuel 7:3-6; (32) Marrying foreigners, Nehemiah 9:1-3.
PRISON MINISTRY NOTE We have had to "freeze" our prison ministry listing at the current level of 600. Please do not write and ask to be added to the list until further notice. And whatever, please do not lecture us on the merits of this decision - we are not breaking the commandments of God. We are at the limit of our available resources at the present time. Thank you.

PAGE 7
January 1999: Volume 10, Number 1
to
on
be
^^jretJNTINUING UPDATE
We would like to point out however, that if you plan
[Continued from Page 5]
go through any period of tribulation and confusion your own merits and abilities, that you will indeed in trouble. No matter how well prepared you are, without the help of Yahweh our God, all of your efforts are in vain. As an individual, a family, a neighborhood group, or a congregation, you do not have the abilities to defend yourself and survive if conditions deteriorate in a severe manner. You will be facing a condition
		• Rejigs jL JL		* 1
Um - y Bl UMll - another	’98 May 15	*98 Aug. 15	98 Nov. 13	2000 Final exam 1
|SBA Small Business Administration	~3	A	A	
SSA | Social Security Administration	A+	A	A	
Insf 1 National Science Foundation |t	A-	A	A	
|EP^ | Environmental Protection Agency	F	3	3+	
Igsa 1 General Services Administration	A-	3+	3+	
I Interior 1 Department of the Interior	C-	0	3	
Ifema 1 Federal Emerqency Management Agency	A-	3-	3	
1 Commerce ■ Department of Commerce	3	3	3	
Iva ■ Department of Veterans Affairs		C_	3-	bj	
INAS/^^ 1 National Aeronautics and Space Admin.	*3	C+	C+	
1 hud ■ Dept of Housinq and Urban Development	C	C	C	
I Labor 1 Department of Labor	C	D	c	
I Agriculture 1 Department of Agriculture	D	C	c	
■ Treasury 1 Department at the Treasury	C	D+	c	
I OPM 1 Office of Personnel Management	C-	0	c-	
I Education ■ Department of Education	D	F	c-	
INRC I Nuclear Regulatory Commission	3	0	c-	
				
■ DOT 1 Department of T ransportation	F	0	D	
Idod 1 Department of Defense	0	D	D-	
1 Justice | Department of Justice	D	F	F	
Idoe ■ Department of Energy	F	F	F	
IHHS I Department of Hearth and Human Services	F	F	F	
■ State 1 Department of State	F	F	|	
(AID ^Ageop^or international Development	F	F	F	
Clinton team gets a ‘D’ on year-2000|
By Doua Aorahms
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
Administration overall
I Feder» (Apartments and agencies I
F	D	V	
HU MMommat*			
raja WMfrnpor) IpH
A House panel awarded another “D" grade to the Clinton administration for its efforts to rid the government’? computers of the millennium bug.
Several large federal departments and agencies, including the Defense and Energy' departments, will not have their computers fixed by 2000, said Rep. Steve Horn, California Republican, chairman of the Government Reform and Oversight management, information and technology subcommittee.
“Energy [Department] has a key function in monitoring the production and distribution of electrical power to the citizens of the United States," Mr. Horn said. "Potential electrical blackouts could cost billions of dollars a day."
Government agencies and companies are racing to fix the millennium bug — the glitch where computers would misinterpret the date “01/01/00” and malfunction or crash.
At the current pace, one-third of the federal government’s computers will not be year-2000 ready by March 30. a deadline set by President Clinton, Mr. Horn said. Missing that date will not leave enough time to test the systems before Jan. 1, 2000.
The year-2000 cost to taxpayers continues to rise. The General Accounting Office, Congress’ watchdog agency, said its new unofficial estimate to fix federal computers rose to S7.2 billion yesterday, and Mr. Horn said that figure could reach $10 billion.
That cost is much higher than the Clinton administration’s most recent estimate of $5 4 billion'
The cost to fix the government’s computers was expected to rise with time, said Jack Gribben, a spokesman for the President’s Council on Year-2000 Conversion. The agency disagrees with Mr. Horn's assessment, especially since eight agencies have improved while only one has slipped, he said
"The ‘D’ grade does not reflect the significant progress that agencies have made over the past quarter," he said
unlike any that you will ever have encountered at any time in your life. It is not a hopeless situation if you have prepared your spiritual life in addition to physical and material preparations. IlJe do not have all of the answers as of yet and know that our Heavenly Father will have additional revelations in the future.
We are not attempting to strike fear and cause panic among our people. We still do not know if our preparations will be needed at all. If things continue in a normal sequence, what have you lost? If you have stored
food and water, it can be used in a normal way during a period of calm.
We hope to provide more details on preparations in forthcoming issues of this newsletter. Hopefully, this information will be of some use to you. We are realists in our thinking, and do not necessarily feel that all [ of our people should head for the mountain wilderness. It may involve some separation from unbelievers, but we have been told in the Scriptures that we are "to come out of Babylon."
There will be those individuals who feel that the "government" will come up with a solution to the problem before the start of Y2K. We would hope that this may be true, but judging from the inefficiencies and track record of the government, we do have serious doubts on that point. The ultimate question really boils down to trust. Do you put your trust in the government, or do you put your trust in God?
In conclusion, we would like to state that there is some serious concerns about what will occur on January 1, 2000. We know that we draw near to the conclusion of this age. That alone should put Christian Israelites on alert. Our Saviour has told us that no man knoweth the day
or the hour, but there are "signs" by which we will know that the "hour draweth nigh." We see the world in turmoil and confusion, with famines and wars, and rumors of wars, and we have seen an increase in earthquakes in divers places. The Israelite nations have been invaded by the enemy...where are the watchmen of God? Most of Godfs false shepherds are fast asleep and oblivious to what is happening.•.stay awake, stay alert to the signs of the times - be
prepared!_____________________________
Chart from the 11/24/98 edition of THE WASHINGTON TIMES* Page B7
Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 8
January 1999: Volume TJT, Nh3ber 1
WHArS AHEAD FOR 1999?
The Use of the Diversion Strategy
Condensed from a talk by Capt. Walter Kabai N.C.D.F., Elizabeth City, MC
There is a strategy that is used in some military operations, as well as in industry and politics, which leads to confusion and misinterpretation on the part of the opposition, thereby allowing the perpetrators a greater opportunity at winning or accomplishing their goals. It is known as the ’’diversion strategy” and I am wondering if this is being utilized against the American people by nefarious elements of our controlled government.
Just looking at government ’’statistics” and how they are determined and applied leads one to suspect that "Hfluch of our ’’great economy” is composed of smoke and mirror tactics. I have been watching the Y2K issue and the recent government semi-acknowledgment of some minor problems. I see a paranoia in some people with regard to this matter, but I am wondering if this might be a strategy to cover up all manner of other problems which have been"fermenting for many years, and which ostentatiously are coming to the point of explosion.
The middle east has been a problem for thousands of years, and yet we, as a government, have he audacity to claim victory. The same problem, though of a lower ^lash point can be seen in the Irish peace accords, the problems in Bosnia, the Haitian debacle, the North Korean problems, the decline of South Africa and even the crisis in China. Any or all of these areas of discord could erupt at any time to cause limited or worldwide conflagration.
And the North American nations (including Canada) are most susceptible to internal crisis here also, j^ich could evolve into an international tragedy. Over the past few decades, the U.S. and Canada have allowed mass immigration (both legal and illegal) from third world countries which has contributed to the decline of our traditional cultures. This concept of ’’integration” is by nature the result of social fools who think that they can improve on God. In all of history, there is not one single success story on the integration of various races into a viable cohesive unit or nation. While there will always be some slight blending, the vast majority of all races will be constantly in conflict and jockeying for dominance over others.
We read and hear from those in the black community of a coming ”race war.” We do not hear this from those in any of the white communities, as this is not politically correct and accepted by the Zionist media who controls our thinking and our destinies. It is alright for blacks to say this, but not for whites, in accordance with our biased social norms and opinions. That is why there is a growing mistrust of both the media and the government, who are attempting to place social
controls of unequal values on people because of their race. This will not work, as we will find out.
We anticipate a growing emphasis on the "neutral” Y2K problem to divert attention from internal domestic problems which will reach epidemic status in the near future. Much of this problem is tied in to the economic factors. People do not seem to realize that was goes up must by nature come down. The simple effort of throwing a ball up in the air will demonstrate the validity of this statement. The stock market is way overpriced. It used to be that you bought a stock based on their earnings (dividends paid), but today people are dumping funds into the market just because the market is bullish. Highly leveraged mutual funds specialize in ’’junk” bonds and derivatives, and when the bubble bursts, all will take a substantial, if not total, loss. The controlled banking institutions are paying little in the way of interest on savings, but are charging much in the way of loan interest. Ultimately, you could put the blame on the non-government Federal Reserve system.
When the welfare checks, and the subsidies stop what will people do? When the SSI checks, which come directly from the U.S. Treasury stop, what will the immigrant who never contributed a dollar to the system do? We can • tell you that things will be most unpleasant for many who have ignored this matter. The suburban yuppies will be in total shock and surprise as their homes are taken and their women raped, and their children killed.
We feel that we do have certain advantages which allow us to determine times. Disorder and civil unrest do not usually occur in the colder months as "people” do not like to be out in the cold. From late April in most parts of the country through mid-October would be the most likely window for civil unrest, based upon some cataclysmic event in the financial area. Of course some retaliation by an outside nation or organization could be the catalyst for the precipitation of a manmade disaster which would cause the U.S. government to declare ’’martial law,” suspending all the rights provided by the U.S. Constitution.
There is hope however for the Christian-Israelite. In Isaiah 59:19-21, we read of the future glory of Zion, when Jesus Christ shall come to the aid of our cause: "So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west, and His glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him. And the Redeemer shall come to Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the Lord. As for Me, this is My covenant with them...My Spirit that is upon thee, and My words which I put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed... from henceforth and for ever.” We may have to pay a penalty, but the Scriptures assure our future.
Pay attention in the forthcoming months and watch carefully for strategic moves to confuse and confound the people of this nation. Diversion is a strategy that works, only if you are unaware of ultimate objectives.