
THE
VIRGINIA CHMOTAN ISMKIfl
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES R O. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
Seottond
May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
•Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
THE COMING PLAGUES
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
We like to think that science and modem medicine, for the most part with some few exceptions such as cancer, AIDS, and heart disease, has beaten back all of the diseases that have plagued man over centuries of time. We have all manner of antibiotics and drugs which have proved relatively successful in combating disease and illness.
But has science and medicine accomplished the ultimate triumph, or. is it merely a temporary' reprieve or fix from which diseases will rebound with a vengeance? Already , we see various diseases which no longer respond to the miracle drugs of a few years ago, and there doesn't appear to be many new' concoctions in the medicine pipeline. It was not too many years ago that the disease tuberculosis (TB) was considered cured. Now we find new strains which have originated in some of the third-world cesspools which are resistant to all of the medicines currently available, and which are being brought into this country by foreign visitors and immigrants. It has been estimated that one-third of the world's population, some two billion people now harbor the TB infection. How long will it be before it once again becomes epidemic in this nation?
While AIDS has not received the same amount of attention that it did a few years ago, it is running epidemic in the world. Most of sub-Sahara Africa is infected, as are many in Asia and Southeast Asia. We in this nation are not exempt, but the media is not highlighting the issue (see the article on AIDS and the Catholic Church in this issue of the VCI)
Every Fall, prior to the onset of winter, there is a general campaign for people to be inoculated against whatever strain of influenza virus is expected to attack for that year, and 1 stress for that year, as the strains appear to change from year to year. In the United States, the flu epidemic of 1918 was particularly devastating resulting in the deaths of millions of people, and an additional tens of millions of people worldwide As recently as 1968, a deadly flu strain resulted in the deaths of more than 100,000 people here in America
The Revelation of John refers to end-time plagues which will befall man (see Revelation 11:6, 15 1,6,8; 16:9,21; 18:4,8; 21:9). Of particular interest should be Revelation 18:4 where we read: "And I heard another voice from heaven, saying. Come out q[her (Babylon). my people, that y£ noi partakers q£ her sins, and that ve receive not of her plagues "
Even medicine and science are warning of a future catastrophic plague which will befall the earth God uses plagues to chastise a sinful nation and a sinful people * and we are well ov erdue for chastisement
Surely we can see sicknesses and diseases all around us, even if much of this is found in underdeveloped countries. But today, it is no more than a matter of hours to fly halfway' around the world, and as fast as an aircraft can travel, so too do the virus and other disease strains.
And I have not mentioned the STD's (sexually transmitted diseases) which are running rampant throughout our nation. Syphilis and herpes, as well as other such sicknesses infect a large percentage of our population as a result of loose moral character.
If you remember back to the time of the patriarchs, and the Exodus, there was no sickness among the Israelites. Why were not physicians needed at that time, so long as Israel abided by the laws. Why is it today that many of our people forget about God until some emergency arises, and only then do they' call upon the Name of the LORD. They treat God like some "divine first-aid kit" to sit on a closet shelf and only to be called upon when they' are hurting or sick (when they need God).
And who else is there to turn to? Do you depend upon the pharmaceutical companies who are often more concerned with profits? Do you turn to the physicians who only profit if they cut and bum? The practice of medicine is just that • a practice! And 1 don't mean to slander and condemn all physicians as there are some who are interested and concerned with the healing of the patient, and some who consider prayer to the Almighty to be a requirement for healing and cure.
The storm clouds of plague and pestilence can be seen approaching on the far horizon. Already we are experiencing the advance winds and deluge of these plagues.
It is of immediate concern to get your act together and to strengthen your relationship with YAHWEH our God - the God of Israel, m preparation for what is coming upon the earth. I surely don't advocate panic and fear, for they are the tools of the Adversary The only thing that you can achieve and accomplish is to build your faith in the works and words of our Saviour, and to trust in the mercy of YAHWEH to see you through the troublous times ahead We are admonished and instructed in 2 Chronicles 7:14, just what needs to be done: "If My people, which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will 1 hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land." To achieve the promise of forgiveness and healing, we have to complete the first part...humbling ourselves, pretying, seeking God's face, and turning from our wicked ways.
The Virginia Christian Israelite /PACE 2/May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
AIDS and the Catholic Church
CHUCK KUHLER. Pastor
Virginia Christian Israelites
(Condensed from The, Kansas City Star. January 29, 2000)
There have been many whispered concerns relative to the priests of the Roman Catholic Church and pedophilia and child abuse, and in recent years, HIV and AIDS. For the most part, the Church has managed to keep the scandal under wraps, with only an occasional out* burst of publicity appearing in the media. For the first many centuries of the existence of die Roman Church, the marriage of priests was permitted, and it was only' near the middle of the last century, that a papal bull prohibited Roman priests from marrying. This is truly an unnatural state, which was promulgated so that any funds or moneys in the possession of a priest upon his death would go back to the church -there was no family or children to provide for.
There are currently in the United States a total of approximately 60 million people of the Roman Catholic faith who are served by 46,000 priests. The Roman Church teaches a doctrine, which while filled with compassion and forgiveness, also considers homosexual relations to be a sin, and opposes the modem practice of "safe sex." In contrast however with the vows of celibacy, Bishop Raymond J. Boland of the Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph said that AIDS deaths show that priests are human. In the early 1990'S, experts who counseled and treated priests with AIDS estimated that there were about 200 in the United States who had either died of AIDS or who had contracted the disease. Now those who work with infected priests say the numbers are dramatically higher. A. W. Sipe, a former priest who has spent more than 30 years studying sexuality issues in the church estimates that the number of priests who have died nationwide from AIDS and related illnesses to be about 750. That would translate into an AIDS-related death rate of eight times that of the general population. Further, Joseph Barooc, a New Jersey psychiatrist and AIDS expert puts the number of U.S. priests who have died at 1,000, nearly eleven times that of the general population. And don't forget that included in the general population figures are those involved in homosexual sex which is a high-risk category
Rev. Thomas Crangle, a Franciscan priest in the Capuchin order in Passaic, NJ, has also been involved in study and analysis work for the Church In 1990, Crangle conducted a mail survey of hundreds of pnests selected at random. Crangle said that of the 500 surveys he sent, 398 were returned. About 45% of those responding volunteered that they were gay, and 92 - nearly one fourth said they had AIDS. It is apparent, from the church's own statistics that AIDS is epidemic in the Roman Church And while we realize that there are many non-sexual ways m which the AIDS virus can be contracted, the main way for transmission is through sexual contact.
We have not heard much in the media lately on the issue of AIDS, except for some short articles which are, for the most part, buried in some obscure portion of a back page, but it is a real plague which has come upon us Perhaps the fact that priests of the Roman Church have such t high percentage of mfecuon should be cause for concern, especially among those of the Catholic faith.
What about the young boys that are sexually abused by these pnests, and then who go home and spread the AIDS virus to others in their family? What about the handling of the communion wafers which the entire congregation ingests What about the Roman method of baptising infants? Realize that you just don't just get infected and pass from HIV to AIDS w a matter of weeks. In most instances, there is a fairly long period of incubation involving years of time Arc these gay pnests bringing a plague upon their congregations which may not be evident for a number of years. And what of the Church hierarchy -they appear lo be more interested in the cover-up of the problem than in
seeking a solution. It is very difficult for me to understand ^ ^ is retained, and even more so that these supposed "men	J
involved in such conduct which is totally in contrast to what^k	^
promotes, and, what the Scriptures teach.
This appears to be another reason why the ethics and morjw this nation continue to decline and why Christiania "Churchiamtv so little effectiveness in influencing people.
We have produced a number of copies of this 12-page report those who have an interest in reading all of the documentation statistics on this matter. We will distribute these complete reports until our supply is exhausted.
BIBLIOGRAPHY
[1]	Catholic Priests are Dying of AIDS, often in silence, Kansas City Star, January 31,2000,12 pp.
[2]	The Last Pope, John Hogue, Element Publishing, Boston, MA, 403 pp., 1998.
[3]	Chronicle of the Popes, P. G. Maxwell-Stuart. Thames & Hudson Ltd., London, 240 pp., 1997
Forget the Media.a.Think for Yourself I
Asset Forfeiture -New Police Power Run Amok!
From the AMERICAN SENTINEL of January 2000
"No you don't have to be a criminal to lose your shirt. As someone who strongly believes in law and order, criticizing law-enforcement authorities does not come naturally or without anguish. But the simple fact is that the Clinton administration has injected significant corruption into the national and local law enforcement establishments. How? By subsidizing paramilitarism and unleashing both federal and local bureaucrats to fatten their budgets with assets received from criminal suspects prior to legitimate and lawful convictions. Consider:
"The New York Times estimates that there is $2.7 billion in the federal government's Asset Forfeiture Fund.' (In 1984 Congress gave police the right to keep any 'drug-related' assets they confiscated).
"The Library Project notes that confiscation of cash by police has skyrocketed because 75-97% of U.S. currency has traces of cocaine on it. The courts have affirmed that the existence of even the slightest amounts of cocaine residue warrant the forfeiture of cash.
"Perverse confiscation incentive threaten law-abiding citizens. Author/Researcher Duncan Long notes that many victims of asset forfeiture aren't criminals, nor have they ever been arrested. Like the 75-year-old grandmother who lost her home because her drug-dealing son once lived there. Or the landscaper whose $9,000 was seized at the airport because 'only drug dealers' cany that much cash. So long as the courts continue to allow police agencies to reap windfalls from property confiscation, no one is safe. Your feggt deffflgfr Don’t assume that being law-abiding will protect you from Americas emerging confiscation class!"
A rnmmentarv from the Virginia Christian Israelites Maiy few erforcemeS .geoc.es (local, state and federal) have found Ae Wtscation procedure" to be a toaUvevvay'to supplement then r“ “ White not all agencies may subscribe to the use of such con-dt trTare tays those “bad apples" who will »fous.*ucaU> make use of such tactics After all. it usually involves only an individual ora family and if they are accused of "doing drugs, public opinion is .Lavs	them . whether it is true or whether the accusation has
been falsely made to confiscate property. government allows this type of "incentive" to exist it perverts freedom, As Thomas Jefferson said. "As government grows, freedoms diminish ”
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 3 / May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
Why the Condemnation and Hate Directed at Israel Identity?
Pastor Chuck Kuhler, Virginia Christian Israelite
THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
Amendment 1
Xtongress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.."
The last time I looked, the Constitution and Amendment 1 of the Bill of Rights was still in force and presumably the "law of the land "Irregardless of what some intellectual idiots claim, I can find nothing which relates to the separation of church and state. It simply states that Congress shall make no law with respect to the establishment of a state religion (similar to the role of the Anglican Church in England). The second part of the first clause of Amendment 1, relates to Congress making no law which prohibits the free exercise of an individual's beliefs. In other words, I can believe whatever I wish, and so long as I do not infringe on the free exercise of others to believe whatever they wish, I am within the parameters of man's law.
Why then, I may ask, is there so much condemnation and outright "hate" directed at the Israelite Identity beliefs and those who believe so, essentially, but not limited to, the media. We surely could add the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and those at Morris Dee's Southern Poverty Law Center, as well as those "theological experts" at both the National Council of Churches and the World Council of Churches, and we could add many others who have a "special interest" in condemning the beliefs of Israel Identity.
Is it that the Israel Identity message presents a problem to "churchianity" concerning the validity of their beliefs, and by so doing poses a direct threat to these untruthful and false entities? Does the "Israel message" place the denominations and religions of what is considered "Christianity" in a bad light? These various "churches," including the Roman Catholic, and almost, if not all of the Protestant Churches have for the past centuries (since 26 A.D.) become so immersed and ingrained in materialism and the "traditions of men" that they cannot stand the light of truth and scrutiny. "Churchianity" has become big business, and not for the glory of God and the accomplishment of God's work here on earth. Man has so modified, revised, altered, and changed the true beliefs and role of "the church" that it no longer has any remote resemblance to the teachings of Jesus Christ. Men feel that they have "improved" upon the Word of God provided to us in the Scriptures. Yet we are warned in the book of Revelation: "For 1 testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life..." [Revelation 22: 18-19]. It appears to be all in the interpretation of what man wants the words to
mean It appears that man is attempting to find a way around the words of God so that no one is offended This is very similar to what the Jews did while in the Babylonian captivity when they established the Talmud (the traditions of the Elders) in the attempt to circumvent the strict rules and laws as set forth in the Torah.
Consider the following examples. In Malachi 2:15,16, we read the words of God condemning divorce Then again, in the Gospel of Matthew (5:31-32), we read the words of our Saviour concerning adultery and divorce. And yet today, fully fifty percent of the marriages end in divorce, and while the church may vocally frown on this, publicly, they do little else and they tolerate the revolving-door marriage syndrome There are many other references in both Testaments which speak to the adultery issue. We see some churches today (mostly mainline denominations) reaching out to those involved in homosexual and lesbian conduct under the guise that "God loves everybody." Yet the Scriptures are very explicit about such conduct as spelled out in Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13. If God considers this to be an abomination, it doesn't make any difference what man thinks. And finally there is the matter of race-mixing (miscegenation) which is epidemic today, and supported by many well-known TV evangelists and preachers. There are numerous references to this sin throughout both the Old and New Testament (if you need documentation and Scriptural references, please write us). Just in these examples, we can see that "churchianity" embraces, tolerates, and accepts these violations of Scripture, all on the name of "saving" sinners. But the important question is, "does God accept these people who make no effort to correct their ways?" Your sins can be forgiven, but if you go out and willingly resort to the same sin over and over again without any effort to correct the error of your ways, does this show a sincere effort, or are you merely reciting words in the hope of being forgiven?
Israel Identity, for the most part, addresses the above-stated situations, in accordance with the Scriptures, condemning those sins which are in sharp contrast with God's word. Man (and the church) do not like to be told the truth.
The "church" has as its stated goal the conversion of all. The Roman Church has even gone so far as to include other religions of the heathen in their efforts. Perhaps the most significant question that should be considered is who is under the law. The law was given to Israel, and therefore only Israel is under the law. The heathen and the Kenites can well do as they please because they are not bound by the law of Israel. I find particularly interesting the efforts of "churchianity" to explain the single creation theory, in spite of scientific proof to the contrary. The "church" has to support and accept the single creation, for to do otherwise would result in a loss of members, and a corresponding loss in revenues, and most probably a high degree of condemnation by the modem day Pharisees
It is not that Israel Identity considers itself to be superior to "churchianity." Rather, it is our belief that Scriptural truth should be preached without any consideration for what "man" desires or wants, or for what centuries of man's tinkering have done to "Christianity" in the way of "traditions."
And what effect does the Israel Identity message and beliefs have on Judaism? The Jews like to claim that they are God's
/Continued on Page 4]
The Virginia Christian
Israelite / Page A / May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
1.	Who was put in prison as a political enemy of the Philistines?
2.	What king of Israel was imprisoned for defying Assyrian authority?
3.	What kinsman of Jesus Christ was imprisoned for criticizing King Herod's marriage to Herodias?
4.	What famous dreamer was imprisoned after being accused of trying to seduce Potiphar's wife?
5.	Whose brothers were imprisoned after being falsely accused of being spies in Egypt?
6.	Who was imprisoned for prophesying the destruction of the kingdom of Judah?
7.	What king of Judah was blinded and imprisoned because he defied Babylonian authority?
8.	Who prophesied doom for King Asa and was put into prison?
9.	What king of Judah was sent into exile in Babylon and put in prison, but was later released and treated as a friend of the king of Babylon?
10.	Who prophesied doom and defeat for King Ahab and was put in prison for his harsh words?
11.	What two apostles were put into prison in Jerusalem for preaching the gospel?
12.	Who remained in the prison at Philippi even after an earthquake the prison doors?
13.	What oversized warrior had bronze armor weighing over 125 pounds?
14.	What Roman official in Jerusalem bowed to the wishes of an uncontrollable mob?
15.	In what city in Greece did a group of Jews whip up a company of thugs in an anti-Paul riot?
16.	Who carried five stones as his weapons?
17.	What did Ehud use to kill fat King Eglon of Moab?
18.	Who killed six hundred Phillistines with an ox goad?
19.	What did Jael use to murder Sisera?
20.	What rebel was killed by three darts, shot into his heart by Joab?
21.	What prophet was commanded to make a model of Jerusalem and set battering rams against it?
22.	Who threw a javelin at David?
23.	In what city was Jesus Christ almost killed by an angry mob?
24.	What city had a riot on behalf of the goddess Artemis?
25.	What king fortified Jerusalem with catapults for throwing stones?
26.	What apostle was almost done in by forty men waiting to ambush him at Jerusalem?
27.	Who drew the army of Ai out of the city while another group ambushed the city and destroyed it?
28.	What paranoid king ordered the execution of the infants in Bethlehem?
29.	Who killed Abner?
30.	What evil king of Judah was killed by his servants?
31.	What Christian witness was killed by the people of Pergamos?
32.	Who killed Ben-Haded with a wet cloth?
33.	What two women brought about the execution of John the Baptist?
34.	Where did Cain kill Abel?
(Please see answers on Page 5)
a I O 1
1
co
The following was written by a 12-year^1^ c#j	<
Boston, Massachusetts, and in light of what v
country we thought it appropriate for publication t
Our Modem Educational
Now I sit me down in school,
Where praying is against the rule. \ For this great nation under Cod \ Finds mention of Him very odd.	V
If Scripture now the class recites,
It violates the Bill of Rights Any time my head I bow,
Becomes a federal matter now.
The law is specific; the law is precise, Praying out loud is no longer nice. Praying aloud in a public hall,
Upsets those who believe in nothing at all.
In silence alone we can meditate And if Cod should get the credit - great! They are bringing their guns; i don't dare bring my Bible,
To do so, might make me liable.
So, now O LORD, this plea I make; Should I be shot in school, ___________My	Soul	please	take.
WHY THE CONDEMNATION AND HATE DIRECTED AT ISRAEL IDENTIFY [Continuedfrom Page 3] chosen people” although there is nothing in Scripture that so states the Jews as being ”chosen.” There is reference in Revelation 2:9 and 3 :9 to "them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan." Judaism depends upon acceptance by Christianity Churchianity for its very existence. Our Saviour said (John 14:6): "...I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by Me." How is it then that the fundamentalists exempt the Jews from having to believe on Jesus Christ, supposedly as the "chosen” they are exempt from meeting the criteria and requirements given by the Messiah. Do these fundamentalists think they are so "intelligent" and high-minded that they can overrule the Son of God and countermand His words? If the truth of Judaic beliefs were known, there is not a single church which would support these profane, ungodly, and pornographic beliefs. I don't believe that there is one minister in 10,000 who have ever read (and studied) the Talmud to see just what Judaism is. The whole concept of what we refer to today as Judeo-Christianity is a falsehood and a lie! These two beliefs are diametrically opposite and opposed to each other.
Now when you consider who controls the media and when you consider who supports "churchianity,” can you understand why there is such a vilification of Israel Identity beliefs. If the truth were to become known, the churches as well as the Jews would encounter a severe, damaging, and life-threatening problem. We, as Israelites, only ask to worship as we believe We are not a violent people with "cultish" beliefs as often portrayed by our enemies. We are the people of God who are about our Father's work Praise God for His blessings!
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE S / May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
ON LOVE
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
Jesus said, "By this all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye love one to another" (John 13:35).
We should live life based on love, "rooted and grounded in love" (Ephesians 3:17). And "speaking the truth in love" (Ephesians 4:15).
Genesis relates the story' of what happened when Cain didn't love his brother Abel and jealously overpowered him - strife, murder and condemnation followed (see Genesis 4). John uses the story to explain love and exhort Christians to love one another (see 1 John 3:11-18). Let's also study and practice the empowering emotion of love.
Not once, but three times, Jesus asked Peter, "Lovest thou me?" (John 21.17). Each time Peter insisted he did. Then Jesus told Peter that he should minister to his people and die for him. Such are the rightful i0ve places (xi us. So what can love be, that it can expect such
devotion.
John declares, "God is love" (1 John 4:8). God showed his love for us first (see 1 John 4:19). Everyone who loves is "bom of God" (see 1 John 4:7). Love allows us to know God (see 1 John 4:7-8). And love is nccessaryr for die belief in God (see 1 John 5:1-13).
True love is the love God has for us, not the love we have for him (see 1 John 4:10). But we must love one another (see 1 John 4:11). This allows God to be present in us (see 1 John 4:16). And one who loves God has no ear and is secure in the day of judgment (see 1 John 4:17-18).
Atonement is love. Love ensures everlasting life. The love of Yahwefa was revealed in the person of Jesus Christ. John said, "For God so much loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever beheveth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life" (John 3:16).
Paul tells us, "Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not, chanty vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; rtjotceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in truth; beareth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth" (1 Corinthians 13 4-8) The King James Version uses the term charity for love.
Regarding the commandments, Jesus said, "The first of the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; the LORD our God is one LORD: And thou shaft love the LORD thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength... And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these" (Mark 12:29-31). Regarding his ministry, Jesus said, "1 am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep" (John 10:11).
As Cain found out, rejecting love is a serious sin and it brings a very harsh condemnation. Jesus said, "He that loveth his life shall lose it" (John 12:25). Self-centered persons lose the ability to love, and die in sm Is any man so great that he should focus solely on his own importance and self-interest instead of Almighty God?
Those who reject love become selfish, false, cruel, and ignorant. Jesus asked those like this, on his day, "Ye generation of vipers how can ye escape the damnation of hell?" (Matthew 23 :33)
The Israelites turned away from God's commandments and lost their love fat him So God let the cruel waning Assyrians conquer the Israelites The Assyrians took the Israelites captive and relocated them in distant lands. But the Israelites had a contract to fulfill with God. Yabwefa's love preserved these people
The Assyrians in their turn were defeated in war, and the Israelites escaped into Europe by the Caucasus Mountains, obtaining the name Caucasians The Israelites in fact became the great nations of the West Great historians and perceptive Chnsuans have traced and studied the
progress of the Israelites in their new European homeland, a gift from God's love. And the Bible is full of prophecies that refer to this relocation. The small part of Judah that escaped the Assyrians also turned away from God's commandments, and the Babylonians took them into captivity. But they too had a contract with God to fulfill. The Babylonians in their turn were also defeated in war, and the Persians allowed the exiles of Jerusalem to return to Judah and to rebuild God's temple. They awaited the coming of the Messiah. It was Jesus Christ whose unfathomable love brought spiritual salvation to the world. The Caucasians are the people of God, the people of love, and, by love, a people of a million blessings.
A QUESTION IN INTELLIGENCE
A college student was in a philosophy class, that had a discussion about God's existence. The professor presented the following logic:
"Has anyone in this class heard God?" Nobody spoke. "Has anyone in this class touched God?"
Again, nobody spoke. "Has anyone in this class seen God?” When nobody spoke for the third time, the professor simply stated, "Then there is no God!"
One student thought for a second, and then asked permission to reply. Curious to hear this bold student's response, the professor granted it, and the student stood up and asked the following questions of his classmates:
"Has anyone in this class heard our professor's brain?" There was silence. "Has anyone in this class seen our professor's brain?" Again there was complete silence. "Has anyone in this class touched our professor's brain?" When no one in the class dared to speak, the student concluded.
"Then, according to our professor's logic, it must be true that our professor has no brain!"
from "News and Views." Kinship Ministries. Baltimore, KtD
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE
(from Page 4)
(1) Samson, Judges 16:24; (2) Hoshea, 2 Kings 17:4; (3) John the Baptist, Matthew 14:3-5; (4) Joseph, Genesis 39:7-19; (5) Joseph's, Genesis 42; (6) Jeremiah, 37-38; (7) Zedekiah, 2 Kings 25:6-7; (8) Hanani, 2 Chronicles 16:10; (9) Jehoiachin, 2 Kings 24:12; 25:27-30; (10) Micaiah, 1 Kings 22:26-27; (11) Peter and Paul, Acts 4:3; (12) Paul and Silas, Acts 16:16-24; (13) Goliath, 1 Samuel 17:4-6; (14) Pilate, Matthew 27:23-24; (15) Thessalomca, Acts 17:5; (16) David, 1 Samuel 17:40; (17) a two-edged dagger, Judges 4:17-21; (18) Shamgar, Judges 3:31; (19) a tent peg through his temple, Judges 4:17-21; (20) Absolom, 2 Samuel 18:14; (21) Ezekial, 19:34; (22) Saul, 1 Samuel 18:11; (23) Nazareth, Luke 4:29; (24) Ephesus. Acts 19*29-29; (25) Uzziah, 2 Chronicles 26:14-15; (26) Paul, Acts 23:21-23; (27) Joshua, 8:12-22; (28) Herod, Matthew 2:16; (29) Joab, I Samuel 3:27; (30) Amon, 2 Kings 21:23; (31) Antipas, Revelation 2:13; (32) Hazael, 2 Kings 8:7,15; (33) Htrodias and her daughter, Mark 6:25,27; (34) out in tha fialds, Genesis 4:8
74 (foMfttfAtt—u of %mai fau tocaatfp pu&tutad
am upCatad amd amdoad omoiaa of Ttoufy Smatat The Conareoettenk ef iereei, P. O. Box 94, Round Hi, VA 20\42 USA
The Virginia Christian
Israelite / PACE 6 / May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
We me fully cognizant of the importance for having a thorough undtrstanehng of our history and heritage as Israelites and we art indebted to those in other Israelite nations who have researched and written on this matter. The following article is highly' recommended and is published herein for your reading.
die (Original Pritisfl) Ctjurcf)
Contributed by VALERIE MARTLEW
ft "The Covenant Voice," Spring 2000, GREAT BRITAIN
Many would have us believe that our Protestant Reformed Church should, in the interests of so-called Ecumemcahsm be willing to - in their words - ",rejoin" she Roman Church despite the fact that the ancient British Church predates it. Existing, as it did, in these isks long before Rome "officially adopted Christianity.
It was as recently as 1931, that Pope Pius XI stated that Christianity was first introduced into England by St. Paul. His address to some visiting members of the Friends of Italy Society, amongst whom were the Mayors of Bath, Colchester and Dorchester, was reported m The Morning Post. of March 27th, 1931; and he put forth the view that it was St. Paul, not St Gregory or St. Augustine, who introduced Christianity into Britain.
Nearer to the time of the establishment of the early Christian Church, Eusebius, Bishop of Caesarea, who was bom between 260 and 270 AD m Palestine, and had been known as the Father of Church History wrote in his "De Demonstration Evanoelii" in referring to the dispersion of the Disciples to preach in the, then, known world:
" ..Some have crossed the ocean and reached the Isles of Britain, all this I for my part will not admit to be the work of mere men, far less of poor and ignorant men..." also "...the apostles passed beyond the ocean to the isles called tike Britannic Isles."
Baronms, a church historian who became librarian to the Vatican in 1596, wrote of the finding of an ancient manuscript in which the tradition of die voyage of Joseph of Arimathea and several companions, friends of Our LORD, who landed on the southern coast of France and began to teach as they traveled. The region of Provence abounds in traditions of these early saints founding churches along the way. They would have followed the Rhone and other established trade routes of the day . for m those times the Pax Romana held, and traveling was safe throughout the Roman Empire. This demonstrates God's provision for his people It was said of Baronius that he was a wholly reliable historian, and one critic wrote: "never suspect Baronius of bad faith, for no one who knew him could accuse him of disloyalty to the truth."
Baronius was not the only church historian who spoke of the antiquity of the British Church. Hugh Paulinus de Cressy, a monk, wrote in the seventeenth century that Joseph of Arimathea died in 82 AD, and added
"How the most eminent of the primitive disciples, and who contributed most to this heavenly building, was St. Joseph of Arimathea, and eleven of his companions with him, among whom is reckoned his son of his own name Britain received the beams of the Sun of Righteousness before many other countries..."
Creasy also quoted the Jesuit, Michael Alford, who had written a church history prior to hu own He said' "The Christian religion began in Britain within fifty years of Christ's Ascension.
The ancient traditions of Glastonbury, in Somerset, tell us that the LORD came to Somerset and Cornwall with his uncle, Joseph of Anmathea, who was a prosperous tin merchant It is well established that there was extensive trade between Britain and the Continent, including the Mediterranean lands, during the Bronze and early froo Ages, and that tin was needed for the alloying of copper and tin into
bronze. The Phoenicians were among the most active tracer* L believe them to have had a strong admixture of the seafaring Israel; so Joseph's trading interests may have stemmed ancestors. As the LORD’S childhood and young manhood are ^ mentioned in the New Testament, there is a period of tune between Hi* disputation with the learned Elders in the Temple at Jerusalem at the age of twelve, and the beginning of His ministry at the age of thirty or so. It is written that He worked as a carpenter with His step-father, Joseph, but He could also have joined His uncle on some of his voyages, perhaps after his step-father’s death. It ia also believed that He worked in the tin trade for a time, and it is possible that He spent a few years or months here, preparing himself for His future work, away from
imrAcfrfiil rnn/(itiAnc nf thp Hnkr I Jtfin
This is the theme of William Blake's poem "And did those feet in ancient time..." which is still a great favorite in Sir Hubert Parry's setting of "Jerusalem," and it is sung with great joy and gusto at the last night of the Proms. Some have even suggested that it might replace our National Anthem, without having the remotest idea of its real significance. It is sung at Socialist gatherings, also in ignorance of its true meaning, due to aspirations to "build Jerusalem in England's green and pleasant land." This will not come about through Socialism, or any other "ism," but by the British people returning to their roots, and the great Book of their roots, the Holy Bible. At present we are in a time of apostasy and ignorance, and Satan is accelerating his campaign to have the memories of our history expunged from the national consciousness in which many unwittingly aid him The more we can learn about the Scriptures and about our past the more ably we can instruct the young people in this lore and the nearer we shall become to the people which we were intended to be by God.
THE GLASTONBURY HYMN "And did those feet in ancient time Walk upon England’s mountains green?
And was the Holy Lamb of God On England's pleasant pastures seen? And dod the Countenance Divine Shine forth upon our clouded hills? And was Jerusalem builded here Among those dark Satanic mills?
Bring me my bow of burning gold! Bring me my arrows of desire! Bring me my spear! O clouds unfold!
Bring me my Chariot of Fire!
I will not cease from mental flight. Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand. Till I have built Jerusalem In England's green and pleasant land."
William Blake, 1757-1827
It is the tradition that following the resurrection, Joseph of Arimathea and many other Apostles came to these islands via the established trade routes, and that the British Royal Family was converted and baptized. This was a few good centuries before St. Augustine baptized King Ethelbert of Kent. That the British Royal family played a great part in early Christianity is a well-established fact, and many were martyred in the Roman persecutions A wattle Church at Glastonbury was said to have been built by the LORD'S own hands while He was here, and Glastonbury Abbey', now ruined, was built upon its fXnr.H.nnns Some members of the British Royal family are mentioned in the New Testament Paul mentions Pudens, Linus and Claudia all sending their greetings to Timothy:	to	com.
before winter.	Eubulus greeteththee and Padens. and Linus, and
J	[Continued on Page 7)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 7 / May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
*
1HE ORIGINAL BRITISH CHURCH [Continued from Page 6] Claudia, and all the brethren " (2 Timothy 4:21). Paul wrote this letter from Rome in 67 AD, after Nero had made the Christians the scape* goats for Rome's destruction by fire in 64 AD. Paul was in prison at tat There \s an ancient stone in Chichester, now incorporated in the wa\\ of a building in St Martin's Street. It was a dedication for a Roman temple to Neptune and Minerva, and mentioned Pudens, son of tafcntmus, who donated the plot. This Pudens was a Senator of Rome, Xuhis Rufus Pudens. He is referred to again by St. Paul in his letter to die Romans "Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and
w*em (Romans 16:13).
This could be taken to mean that St. Paul and the Roman Senator •toad the same mother, which may have been possible, considering PahPs to Roman citizenship and his earlier privileged treatment |y the Romms, in spite of his earlier heretical views, but it is only sur-mise She could have been a "mother in Christ," but it is obvious that $L Paul was well-known to the British Royals in exile in Rome, and thtt he held them in affection and esteem.
Rh&s Pudens was married to Claudia, the daughter of the famous British king Caradoc, or, to use his Romanized name, Caractacus. You will remember how this noble British captive stirred the stony hearts of the Romans by his famous speech in Rome. He and his family remained as exiles in Rome, but in a privileged capacity, and the beautiful Claudia, named after the Emperor Claudius, who adopted her, was beloved of the Roman poets, notably Martial. Linus was her brother, later to become Bishop of Rome. Their children were all early Christian martyrs and their homes became churches. Apparently her aunt, Caradoc's sister, was living in Rome as well. She was named Gladys, sumamed "Graecma," due to her scholarship in Greek. From this wre can see that the British Celts were not the "woad -painted savages" of the history books, but very cultured people, certainly amongst those of the ruling classes.
it is not, therefore, surprising to us, given these links with the Royal family of Celtic Britain and St. Paul, that there should be all these traditions about the early Church in Britain. St. Joseph of Arimathea came to preach very early in the history of the infant church, and his daughter, Anna, is reputed to have married a British Prince.
St. Paul stated is desire to go to the west, and it is not actually recorded in the Bible whether he achieved his ambition, but we do know' that he intended to go to Spain: "Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, iffirst 1 be somewhat filled with your company" {Romans 15:24).
As Spam was on the ancient sea trade route, it may well have been that Paul made a journey first to there, and then onwards to Britain Given his connections, this would have been a possibility. Certainly, there are traditions that he came here and preached on Ludgate Hill, where St Paul's Cathedral now stands.
The early British Church went from strength to strength. So many of the early records in this country were destroyed, but many of the Welsh records have been preserved, and a great many of the Welsh churches are of ancient foundation. A number of places associated with the Celtic church were called Bangor, which means High Choir's and the tradition is that these were founded as choir schools by members of the British Royal family, where praises were sung continually to God, as m the Old Testament Temple These choir schools were probably also centers of learning and theological leaching, the universities of their day St Lucius is said to have founded the first church at Llandiff now a cathedral Lucius was a member of the British Royal Family, and related to Caractacus, or Caradoc, the heroic lung who was taken captive to Rome There is also St Peter's upon Comhiil, a church of very ancient foundation in the City of London, and St Martin's Church at Canterbury, among many others.
The quotations could be amplified further, but there is not sufficient space here to name but a few other Christian fathers who have
believed in this early establishment, of the Church in Britain, there are Irenaeus, bom in Asia Minor in about 120 AD, a pupil of Polycarp, Bishop of Smyrna, who had been a pupil of St. John He spoke of the Apostles planting churches among the Celts
In the ninth century in Lisieux, Normandy, a French bishop, Frecul-phus, said that St. Philip went to France, and from there he sent twelve men to preach in Britain, of whom St. Joseph of Arimathea was the leader. St. Joseph was St. Philip's dearest friend, according to Freculphus.
The writer Tertullian was bom about 60 AD in Carthage, and he stated that the land of Britain had received the religion of Christ, even the inaccessible regions.
Origin was bom in Alexandria around 185 AD, and he stated that Britain was a Christian country. He could not have written this later than 250 AD.
From this collective evidence we may see that die claim that the British Church's foundation was prior to that of the official Church of Rome is not without authenticity. Admittedly there had been "underground churches" in Rome very early in the first century AD, but he foundation in Britain was shortly after our LORD'S crucifixion. Resurrection and Ascension. We should more correctly celebrate 2,000 years of Christianity in these islands on the two thousandth anniversary of the Supreme Sacrifice by our Saviour, and not in the year 2,000 AD. We have to wonder if, by that time, there will still be an Established Church in Britain, and if so, whether the double Millennium will be celebrated then. It is to be hoped so, if the LORD delays His return for that length of time; but looking at the sorry state of affairs in our beloved land nowadays, it seems rather doubtful that it will be celebrated, unless there is a miracle of revival and understanding of God's Word.
Thus it was in the first century AD, that the Gospel was established in these islands, and the Celtic or Culdee Church was established.
Archaeologists have discovered many Chi-Rho symbols in Romano-British buildings - well prior to St. Augustine's visit to these islands! These symbols are the monogram of the two Greek letters which begin the word "Christos," and they were spread over a wide area, whereas St. Augustine The “Chi Rho" landod in Kent and his evangelizing was concentrated in a fairly small area.
Missionaries went from Wales and Ireland to the Continent, and in Switzerland, at Unterseen on Lake Thun, there is a cave used as a cell by the British missionary Beatus, who died there in 96 AD.
St. Augustine and his followers came here in 597 AD. He baptized the still heathen king of Kent, but he did not establish the early church here. He sought, in fact, to impose the Church of Rome upon the native Church, and this was resisted for a long time, until the Norman Conquest drove the Celtic Church into the remoter parts of Wales, Scotland and Ireland. The History of the Conquest of England by the Normans, by Augustin Thierry (1795-1856), states: "Augustin by an express message, conveyed to the clergy of the conquered Britons, the order to acknowledge him archbishop of the whole island, and that of the Anglo-Saxon kings. For the purpose of demonstrating to the Cambrian priests and monks of his pretension, he invited them to a conference... On their approach, the Roman did not deign to rise from his seat; and this token of pride at once wounded them. We will never admit the pretended rights of Roman ambition," said their spokesman, "any more than those of Saxon tyranny. In the bond of love and chants , we are all subjects and servants of the church of God, yea, to the pope of Rome and every good Christian, to help them forward, both in deed and word, to be the children of God; but for submission of obedience, we owe that only to God, and after God, to our venerable head, the bishop of Caerloon on Usk Besides, we would ask why those who glonfy themselves upon having converted the Saxons, have never repn-
lContinued on Page 8j
Isratllte /	PACE 8 / May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
The Virginia Christian
THE ORIGINAL BRITISH CHURCH {Continuedfrom Page 7) m&nded then for their acts of violence towards us and their spoliation of us-
The onh answer made by Augustin was a formal summons to the Welsh priests to acknowledge him as archbishop, and to aid him in converting the Germans of the island of Britain The Welshmen unanimous^ replied that they would not unite in friendship with the invaders of their country until these had restored all which they had unjustly wrested from them And as for the man" added they, "who does not nse and pay us respect when he is only our equal, how much greater the contempt he would manifest for us, if we admitted him superior."
Such is the weight of proof that the British Church was strong and weU-organuBd king before Augustine's time, and the faith had been kept purer by isolation from the Continental forms of religion and poli-bes The Celts had also evangelized their brethren on the Continent as we noted earlier, on the case of Beatus.
This bid for power by die Roman Church's representatives auooocdnd in die end. in spite of the courageous stand by the Celtic Church, but the Reformation sought to restore that independence and purity' of faith. We have relaxed our vigilance today, and churchmen are seduonri by7 Ecumenical ideas. We should watch and pray earnestly that the primitive faith of these islands may be maintained, and place our reliance upon the Word of God, rather than that of archbishops and Popes As has happened throughout history, the precious Truth is kept afive by a few faithful servants of the LORD, who believe the pure Word of God, and who try not to let the traditions of men obscure their understanding Only by constant study of the Word of God; and by earnest prayer, van we resist the plots of Satan , who in these last days, is redoubling his efforts to destroy God's people.
Finally, in the words of Scripture "Watch and pray, that ye enter not tnto temptation; the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak" (Matthew 26:41).
"And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues” (Revelation 18:4). AMEN.
NOTE
The Virginia Christian Israelites has obtained a copy of the GLASTONBURY HYMN (words and music) and has printed copies for distribution. If you are interested m obtaining a oopy please contact us.
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
Let's End Racial Coverup and Bias
Henry Hofmann, Virginia Christian Israelites
We hear a lot (from the media sources and others) about all of the racial bias and discrimination directed against Blacks and all manner of other so-called minorities, i.e., Asians, Hispanics, homosexuals, Jews, and so forth. Every time, there is some wfate-on-black violence, the media hypes it to the heavens. But we SEVER hear of the reverse, black-on-white violence and even more common, black-on-black violence.
I would like to pose the question: "Do non-Israelites (those of other races) have a conscience"? I realize that this is not a question to be publicly asked and answered, due to the extreme sensitiveness of the topic But can it in an intelligent and sincere manner be asked, discussed and answered without creating a hostile and threatening condition?
Why is it that a race which comprises only about twelve percent of the total population account for almost almost fifty
percent of our prison population - a most disproportionate figure? Today, we hear Black leaders bemoaning the fact that so many of their people are incarcerated, and they attempt to place the blame on discrimination. We hear complaints about the ids-proportionate number of Blacks who are on "death rows" in the various states, and once again, the reasoning is linked to racial discrimination.
Why is it that minorities fear their own people so much Even Jesse Jackson alluded to this when he referred to walking down a dark street and hearing someone bouncing a basketball behind him, and upon looking was relieved that it was a "white kid." Black-on-black crime is epidemic in the inner-cities. It was totally astounding to hear a black woman in Washington, DC, whose daughter was killed in a drive-by shooting, say that "conditions were not that bad when the KKK was active."
The media is very quick to not make any racial distinction when a black man commits a crime. They state that the perpetrator was a man of about 170 pounds and 5'10" in height wearing a dark shirt and blue jeans but neglect to mention race, and therefore eliminate an important criteria for recognition. The clipping below is a prime example of my contention, which was a walk-by stabbing by a black man on a white youth. You will notice that there is no racial notation.
_________________Thursday,	April	20,2000__________________A3
Briefs
Child Stabbed to Death In Front of Home
_______By	Th*	Asaoaatod Press___
ALEXANDRIA — An 8-year-old boy was stabbed to death Wednesday while playing with other children in front of his grandmother's home, police said.
The boy’s grandmother and another woman also were stabbed by the assailant while trying to help the boy before the suspect fled. He remained at large Wednesday night.
Kerin Shifflett of Alexandria was killed in an "apparently random attack," police Lt. John Crawford said. Police did not know the •uapect’s identity, the motive for the attack or if the child and his assailant were acquainted. They were interviewing neighbors and bystanders in the city’s Del Ray section to see if anyone recognised
the man.
The 51-year-old neighbor was hospitalized in guarded but stable condition at Washington Hospital Center, police said. The grandmother, 82, suffered cuts to her hand and was at Alexandria Hospital with injuries not considered life-threatening. The identities of both were withheld because they were witnesses to a crime, Crawford said.
That attack occurred at about 3:45 p.m. on East Custis Avenue when the man walked up and started stabbing the boy "for no apparent reason," Crawford said.
Several hours later, yelkm police tape still marked off the ana as police continued talking to neighbors and bystanders seeking clues as to what had happened.
It is high time for the media to stop this bias! Let's stop the obvious cover-ups and let the truth come out If these races have some preponderance and tendency to commit violent acts, then why are they shielded under the threat of bias against them? The "experts" do not want to address the subject, but in the hearts of many, both black and white, there is a definite feeling as to what the truth of the matter is This is a condition which prevails in all of the Israelite nations, and begs an answer to the question relative to the possession of a "conscience " lt is rather clear that there is little or no remorse on the part of some for acts of violence - let the facts come out!
Tht Virginia Christian Israelite/PACE 9/May 2000: Volume 11, Number 5
m
&
Jesus Not A Jew
Howard B. Rand
A theological position completely unsupported by the Scriptures is the oft-repeated assumption hat Jesus was a Jew. But the very ones who make this assertion will acknowledge that He was of the House of David. A little time spent in the study of the racial facts as presented in die Scriptures would clearly reveal that there are no Jews in the House of David for David's house was separated from the tribe of Judah long before the advent of the Jew as we know him today. To persist in making statements contrary to the facts is to ignore the continuing process of Divine selections and rejections of individuals, of races and peoples, so clearly revealed in the Word of the LORD. Jesus Christ was of die line of Abraham, of the tribe of Judah, but of the House of David, and not die House of Judah, nor of the remnant who became Jews. As pointed out in Documentary Studies, Volume 1: *
"The major portion of the House of Judah was carried away into Babylonian captivity. When at the close of the seventy years of that captivity a remnant of this house returned to Jerusalem, the balance of die House of Judah, still in Babylonian territory, ultimately moved north and west and joined with their brethren of Israel in their westward trek. In the course of time these descendants of the House of Judah tvfjwr# the Jutes of Jutland (Judahlanders) and in the fifth century AD took part with die Saxons in the invasion of England. But there were no Jews in this branch of the House of Judah.
"At the end of the seventy years of Babylonian captivity a remnant of the House of Judah returned to Palestine with die tribe of Benjamin and some of the royal seed of David, as well as a few of the tribe of Levi. This group constituted the nation of the Jew's, though they were not all Jews. The Benjaminites were a tribe in Israel and therefore not Jews. The royal seed were of the House of David while the priests were of the tribe of Levi. Certain ones, both of the House of Judah that had returned from Babylon and some of the priests, intermarried with the . ’-‘ttants of the land. These intermarriages were severely condemned by both Ezra and Nehemiah. These forbidden marriages were made with the Hittites and this in time produced a distinct racial type whom we call Jews today. In other words, the Jew as we know him today is not of pure Israel stock but, through the intermarriages in the day of Ezra and Nehemiah, has the blood of the Hittites in his veins. This intermarriage gave he Jew his dark hair and eyes and the facial characteristics by which he is known and recognized today."
In His official capacity as Ruler, Jesus Christ was king over Judah as well as over all Israel. In this way He could be called King of the Jews, but this was by no means indicative that He Himself was a Jew, for the right to kingship came to Him as a descendant of the House of David.
•Documentary Studies, Volume 1, Destiny Publishers, P. O. Box 177, Memmac, MA 01860-0177. $12.00 ppd.
Paul Not A Jew
Speaking of his racial background, Paul declared he was of the tribe of Benjamin but as concerning ecclesiastical law a Pharisee (Philemon 3:5). By citizenship he was a free bom Roman (Acts 22:25-28) but, due to his religious affiliation, he declared himself to be a Jew (Acts 21:39 and Acts 22:3). Therefore, it was only because Paul, a Benjarainite, accepted the religion of the Jews that he could be designated as a Jew. Paul also staled hat he was brought up at the feet of Gamaliel.
NOTE: A modern example would be a Caucasian man (race) who lived in Virginia [Virginian] in the United States [American -nationality] who attends the Lutheran Church [religion]. He could be referred to by any or all of the designations correctly.
"The name designating the nation as the Nation of the Jews came
into being following the return of a remnant of the House of Judah and the tribe of Benjamin from Babylonian captivity where they had been taken by Nebuchadnezzar. This nation was so designated because it became the nation of the religion of the Jews. That is, the term Jew, in addition to designating a descendant of the forefather Judah, from then on applied to all, regardless of race, who adhered to the Jewish religion. This Nation of the Jews was composed of many who racially were not Jews at all and chief among those who were not Jews racially in or LORD'S day were the Galileans who were of the tribe of Benjamin However, because the term Jew also designated a religious belief which they held before the coming of Christ, they are often referred to as Jews. In the rejection of Jesus Christ, it was the Jews racially of the Nation of the Jews who refused to accept Him, while the Benjaminites or Galileans, became His followers and disciples."** from Palestine: Center of World Intrigue, Destiny Publishers, P. O. Box 177, Merrimac,MAO1860-0177, $2.50ppd.
Miscellaneous Items
According to The Washington Times Weekly: "In the past four years under a Republican-led Congress, federal discretionary spending has increased about fifteen percent By contrast, from 1990 to 1994, the last four years of a Democrat-led Congress, discretionary spending only increased by 8.6%. The more they tax, the more they spend.
Silence on South Africa: If you remember back some fifteen years ago, the United States Congress was in the process of voting sanctions against South Africa in an effort to force ":majority rule" and to destroy white minority rule which had existed for many decades. The media was busy running all sorts of horror stories to force the black takeover under Nelson Mandela, a convicted terrorist who was apprehended in the possession of explosives. [We guess that he was a "good" terrorist in the eyes of some of our politicians]. Well, why is it that we hear nothing in the media about South Africa after more than a decade of "black rule." Is it because of the skyrocketing crime rate, the rape, pillage, and murder of whites, the breakdown of civilization, the plummeting economy and the massive white flight. Our correspondent's from South Africa keep us informed of the new "democracy" on an ongoing basis. (Direct to VCI)
And in Zimbabwe (formerly Rhodesia): President-for-life Mugabe's ruling party has embraced anti-White racism as social services collapse. The chief of the ruling party has recently declared: "Time has come for instant justice to be meted out" referring to the less than 60,000 white farmers. Murder and mayhem are the theme of the day, and yet we hear nothing relative to justice from that bunch of hypocritical political prostitutes on the Potomac. From the National News.
; * $j TJH #
A celestial occurrence. We have over the years been exposed to many theoriesfon planetary alignment, which at certain times, are supposed to tilt the axis of the earth. In May' of 2000, there is another of these pre-- dictions which may, or may not, have some validity. According to scientists pnd astronomers, there is a good chance that some movement of earth's axis will happen. And then conversely, there are other of the scientific and astronomy types who subscribe to the fact that nothing will happen. We surely do not adhere to the group with their "scare tactics" which are expounding on disaster. We have witnessed m the last year too much of the "crisis-mongers " Consider, if something of great consequence were to happen, WHAT COULD YOU DO ABOUT IT? Obviously noting! Instead of listening to all of this rhetoric and commentary, try placing your trust in God. It is He who controls all things. And if your faith is in Him, you have nothing to fear._____
Pray Like Your 'Life' Depends Upon It • It Does! b
WK go AVIJ ) l&H
HOWNvHNTW
«M\? C\ WH
Zn02 BjujBji/v ‘|I!H punoy *601 xog aoyjo *»°d •W««JS| ususmmo «|U!Bj|A »MX
CONSIDER WELL THIS STATEMENT Just think...You're not here by chance,
But by Cod's choosing. His hand formed you and Made you the person you are.
He compares you to no one else -You are one of a kind.
You lack nothing that His Grace can't give you. He has allowed you to be here at this time in History to fulfill His special purpose