fjRTyrw
n ra
11A CTMOTMI ISKAMT:E
THF NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
MAY 1999, Volume 10, Number 5
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict then anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
FABLES AND LIES: THE DECLINE OF MODERN-DAY CHRISTIANITY
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, V/irginia Christian Israelites
All of the major denominations of churchianity, and that includes the Roman Catholic as well as most all of the Protestant churches have seen a membership decline over the past few decades. Of course, while the numbers are publicly available, this is not something that the churches consider a "plus” and so there is never any mention of this theological downward slide.
In light of the troublous times in which we live, when you would think that most Christians would want to be closer to their God, what is the reason for this decline. My belief is that this apostasy is the result of fables and outright lies on the part of modern-day Christianity. Surely, the brunt of the blame can be assigned to the Roman Church, who for centuries has perverted and modified Christianity to fit "their" views, but this does not at all excuse the Protestant Churches, who despite the Reformation, have continued down the road with Rome. In Revelation 17, we read of the "great whore that sitteth upon many waters" (17:1), [waters alludes to peoples]. In speaking of "fables," I am not referring to the Jewish fables of Titus 1:14, nor those mentioned by Peter in 2 Peter 1:16, or Paul in 1 Timothy 1:4, 4:7 and 2 Timothy 4:4. I AH SPEAKING OF CHRISTIAN FABLES AND LIES AS DETERMINED BY THE CHURCH! Let us consider.••
The church would have us believe that Christ Jesus was no more than a humble carpenter from the age of twelve until he started his earthly ministry. In Luke 2:42-52, we hear the last of the young boy Messiah for the next eighteen years. The descriptive word which was used in the original Aramaic was nagger, which can mean either (1) a worker in wood, or, (2) a scholar or learned man. Considering the context, the latter meaning makes the most sense as he was in the previous verses of Luke (2:47) amazing and confounding the learned ones in the temple, and, there is no hint of Jesus ever being a craftsman to be found in the Bible.
Yet the idea that Jesus was a carpenter is now indelibly written into the Christian story.
In Vatican II the truth of Christmas was first exposed. In 1994, the Pope deemed it prudent to explain that Christ had not been born on December 25, but that the date had been chosen because it was already a midwinter festival for the old pagans. To many Christians, this came as a surprise and a great revelation, liihy did it take until 1994 for this to surface, and it is only the tip of the iceberg, for most theologians have known for a very long time that the whole Christmas story is a myth. And irregardless of this "fact" we still have the Christmas masses and midnight services. UJhy does Christianity continue to observe and celebrate a known and acknowledged lie? Is it to placate the Kenite merchants and their greed?
And then there is "Good Friday" - "Easter Sunday." Our Saviour 'old us in Matthew 12:39-40: "...An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonah: For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth." Mathematically, from Friday afternoon to Sunday morning does not add up to three days and three nights. And as for the Easter "sunrise services," how do we explain John 20:1: "while it was yet dark..." We could go on with all manner of un-Biblical traditions which have crept in to Christianity, or have been deliberately introduced by man and religion. This is only one area in which the Word of God has been tampered with to the point of making it meaningless. Once the truth is known do you really think that we should be celebrating something which is not of God and His word, but is of the traditions of men? Do you think that God's patience has no limit with the fables and traditions of man?
[Continued on Page 2]
PAGE 2
FABLES AND LIES: tHE, DECLINE OF TOERN-DAY CHRISTIANITY [Continued from Page 1 ]
Perhaps the religious clerics and leaders who are so intent upon modifying the Scriptures to fit their own needs and beliefs should read Revelation 22:18-19: nFor I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy [teaching], God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.” life are admonished in these last few verses of the Bible nnot to add to or take away what is written,” Is this difficult to understand? Woe unto those who contradict and make meaningless the ways and words of God!
Another consideration that is leading to the decline of modern-day Christianity is the conduct and attitudes of the clergy.
We have witnessed and continue to witness the conduct of many of the Roman Catholic priests with regard to pedophile behavior. This has been an ongoing problem with the Roman Church in these latter days, although we have read that this problem is many centuries old involving both children and cloistered women. It is not "natural” for men to remain celibate and this was not the case in the early centuries of the Roman Church, It was oily around 1200 A.D,, that the church finally decided on a celibate status. For several hundred years prior to this decision, it was acceptable for a priest to marry, but with the condition that upon their death none of their moneys would go to the wife and children, but would revert to the church. The whole reason appears to be rooted in money! The Roman Church, due in part to the publicity, has in recent years acknowledged that this conduct has taken place, and has paid out tens rf millions of dollars to satisfy claims and reduce publicity. Does God Almighty condone this behavior and conduct on the part of his "so-called ministers?"
And this type of behavior, while most prominent in the Roman Church, due to their celibacy requirements, has not fully escaped the Protestant Churches. In most of the Protestant Church incidents, it is the pastor or minister who is having an affair with either the church secretary, or with some member of the congregation. Have these ministers and pastors never heard of the 7th corrandnient•.• "Thou shalt not commit adultery.” The violation of this commandment is something which can split a church asunder, and which tends to not only scatter God's sheep, but causes them to have serious doubts about the validity of God and His Word. Is this sonerthing which God condones, because we are sinful beings? Or will God hold them responsible? It Is not enough to sin, and then ask for forgiveness? This is not an ongoing procedure. You can be forgiven, but not if you turn around and continue to willfully commit
that sin over and over again. You wiii if you continue, with reckless abanck^i sin over and over again, it shows that it# sincere in asking for forgiveness and at you will not.be forgiven, A true confession not a license or permit to continue in you* ^ ways. Consider this carefully!
Another reason contributing to the decline of ^ Christianity is the ordination and acceptance of priests, ministers, and pastors. This has become acceptable practice in the Episcopal Church as well with some Lutheran denominations, and others. Plani the homosexual clergy state that God does not prohi homosexual conduct [I guess that they have never i Leviticus 18, and especially verse 22]• While the me and the government have attempted to smooth over prevent discrimination based upon homosexual behavi it has not been accepted by a great number of Christ: people. The Scripture clearly states that homosexuali is an "abomination,” which is another word for SIN.
I think that one of the most well-written chapte: on the false shepherds and what they are doing to God1 flocks can be found in Ezekial 34. most ministers an pastors have gone into the ministry as a "career.” 11 is not something that any individual should consider as a career. This is not working in a business or profession where you are answerable to some individual or group of men. You are, in essence, working for God, and you are answerable to God. It is not a career, but it is a "calling.” Before you are employed by God, you must be called by God, and that is a major deficiency in our understanding today.
As we approach the end of this age, and at a time , when there should be great revival in the church, we j see people dropping out for non-belief. A non-belief I that is promoted and fostered by the untruthful lies and fables being introduced by churchianity. It appears that many either follow the mindless diatribe of the churches, or they drop out and are scattered like sheep across the hills.
Success in modern-day churchianity is often measured by the size and ornateness of the church building, and just how many people they can attract. We are not talking about Solomon's Temple, but a facility to meet with and worship God. Prior to and while in Egypt, what great edifice did the Hebrews and Israelites meet in?
It is high time that we take a close look at modern-day Christianity. Have the ministers and church leaders so prostituted themselves that they have become nothing more than "spiritual gigolos" performing a ritual as per the old pagan temple priests? When you know and understand Biblical truth, you cannot go back to the rituals and techniques of today's ungodly ministers. This Is not to condemn those pastors who have learned the truth, but the knowledge by Itself is of little value. This message must be disseminated to God's people.• .to do less Is to perform an injustice to the God we are working for.
PAGE 3
5
Die Foundation of
the Apostles and Prophets
DON ELWDRE, Pastor Fellowship of God's Covenant People Terrace Park, Ohio 45174
The twentieth verse of the second chapter of the
I book of Ephesians instructs Christians that the church |m "♦••built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets...” The many quotes made in the New Testament books written by the apostles contain many quotes from the Old Testament prophets. Therefore, it is a presupposition that one must understand the history and writings of the prophets in order to understand the teachings of Christianity,
For example, let's look at an example of Biblical error that is a result of violating this law of Biblical interpretation. Both the apostles Paul and Peter quote the same verse written by the prophet Hosea: "I will call them my people, who were not my people; and her beloved who was not my beloved.” [Romans 9:25; 1 Peter 2:10; Hosea 2:23]
The question is: Who are these people, who in time past where not the people of God, but who now are the people of God? Almost, if not all, modern commentaries pronounce that these people are non-Israelites - "gentiles.” Matthew Henry in his comments on Romans 9:25 declares:
"The apostle here shows how the rejection of the Jews, and the taking in of the Gentiles, were foretold in the Old Testament, the Jews would, no doubt, willingly refer it to the Old Testament. Now he shows how this was spoken of. (1) By the prophet Hosea. The Gentiles had not been the people of God: 'But,' says he, 11 will call them my people, make them such and own them as such, notwithstanding all their unworthiness.*"
But is that who the prophet Hosea was warning? The first chapter of Hosea is rather clear. Hosea was to proclaim his warning to the Northern Kingdom of Israel, who at the time were the chosen people of God. But because this Ephraim-led Kingdom of Israelites continually practiced adulterous immoral behavior, God sent to these ten tribes forming the northern kingdom the message of their upcoming punishment in the symbolic names of Hosea*s three children.
(1)	Jezreel, "scattered”: The larger kingdom of Israelites were to be scattered by he soon invading Assyrian armies.
(2)	Loruhamah, "no more mercy": God would no more have mercy upon the House of Israel, but would utterly take them away into captivity by the army of Assyria.
(3)	Loaevni, "not my people”: God would divorce the uncircumcised and Mosaic covenant rejecting the kingdom of Israelites and would no longer be their God.
And, verse seven emphasizes that the message of the names of the three children of Hosea was oily to the
May 1999: Volume 10, Number
Northern Kingdom of Israelites and not to the Southern Kingdom of Judah, Benjamin and Levi. Whereas, God was not going to have mercy on the Northern Kingdom in regards to the coming invading Assyrian army, He was going to have mercy on the smaller Southern Kingdom.
This was verified by the history recorded in the books of Kings and Chronicles and by the prophet Isaiah which tell of the death angel who destroyed in one night, 185,000 Assyrian troops who were surrounding the walls of the city of Jerusalem in the reign of King Hezekiah; thereby saving them from captivity.
But, whereas, the House of Israel was going to be scattered among the other nations for a long period of time, cut off from being the people of God, nevertheless, they were to become once again the people of God. So, the Northern Kingdom of Israel (the ten tribes of Ephraim, Manasseh, Asher, Gad, Reuben, Zebulon, Dan, Naphtali, Issachar, and Simeon), were the people of God, then were not the people of God, and then would once again be the people of God. Hosea, in the end of both the first and second chapters, strongly and clearly gives this amazing future grace of the love of God to His disobedient people.
In no manner, could anyone who is honest with the Bible, state that Hosea was prophesying to anyone other than the House of Israel. To indicate, as Matthew Henry does, that Hosea was prophesying to non-Israelites is a deliberate attempt to hide the truth so that the presuppositions of dispensational theology remain intact. For the dispensationalists teach that Israel rejected Jesus and therefore the church is made up of non-Israelite "gentiles.”
But the scattered House of Israel, not non-Israelites, were to once again become the people of God and obtain His mercy.This was the message of hope delivered by the prophet Hosea. And the apostles of the church, Paul and Peter affirmed Hosea*s prophecies. The blood of Jesus Christ enabled the reconciliation of the two houses of Israel to occur through the preaching of the gospel of the Kingdom. And to these lost sheep of the House of Israel the apostles preached. Notice how Peter preached (wrote) to the same people who were symbolically described by Hosea's three children: Jezreel, Loammi and Loruhamah.
(1)	Jezreel, "scattered": "Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia, elect (chosen) according to the foreknowledge of God,..," (1 Peter 1:1,2a).
(2)	Loammi, "not my people": "Who in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God,.*." (1 Peter 2:10a).
(3)	Loruhamah, "no more mercy": "...who had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy." (1 Peter 2:10b).
[From The New Covenant Messenger, A publication of the Fellowship of God's Covenant People, Issue number #43, Spring 1999,]
<r»	Christian	Israelite
PAGE 4
Testinf YouBibl Knowledge
II On what mountain did Elijah challenge the priests of Baal?
2* lihat mountain did Balaam plan to curse Israel from?
S What mountain did Moses see the promised land from?
H Uhat mountain did Deborah and Barak descend to defeat Sisera?
5% Where did Noah’s ark land?
Where did Christ’s Transfiguration occur?
?. Where did the Samaritans build their temple?
ft* Where did Moses see the burning bush?
On What mountain did Solomon build the temple?
iO* Where did Jesus weep over Jerusalem?
IIP*,Whet mountain range did the wood for Solomon’s temple come from?
-■'lift* Where were Saul and Jonathan killed by the Philistines?
13* Where was Moses buried?
14* Where did Jacob and Laban make their covenant?
15.	Where aid Elijah go when he fled from Jezebel?
16.	Where did Aaron die?
17.	Where did Abraham take Isaac to be sacrificed?
18.	Where did Moses bring water out of the rock?
19.	What mountain did David cross on his flight from Absalom?
20.	What mountain in Jerusalem is mentioned over 160 times in the Bible?
21.	On what smoke-covered mountain did Moses meet God?
22.	What leader built an altar on Mount Ebal?
23.	What prophet criticized the people who felt secure on Mount Samaria?
24.	Where did Christ deliver his final discourse?
25.	In what country is Mount Seir?
26.	According to Paul, what country is the site of Mount Sinai?
27.	Who lived in a cave with his daughters after Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed?
28.	Who trapped five Canaanite kings in the cave where they were hiding?
29.	Jhat friend of Christ was buried in a cave?
30.	What prophet, fleeing from Jezebel, hid in a cave?
31.	In the time of the judges, what tribe did the Israelites hide from in caves?
32.	What hero hid in caves to avoid the wrath of Saul?
33.	Who hid a hundred prophets in a cave when Jezebel was trying to kill them?
34.	In Saul’s time, what marauding people drove the Israelites into caves?
35.	Who was buried in the cave of Macpelah?
36.	Who hid in a cave while God passed by?
37.	When Elijah challenged the priests of Baal, what were they sacrificing to their God?
38* What king of Israel offered sacrifices to the two golden calves he had made?
30* What idol* associated with Moses* was offered sacrifices by later generations?
(Please see Page 6 for answers)
May
Creeds: The Apostles' cn*
I believe in God the Father Almighty, heaven and earths And in Jesus Christ his only ^ our Lords Who was conceived by the Holy Ghost*, Born of the Virgin Marys Suffered under Pontius Pilate, Was crucified* dead, and burieds He d^^cend-ed into hell; The third day he rose again from the deads He ascended into heaven, And sitteth on the right hand of God the Father Almighty: From whence he shall come to judge the quick and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost*: the holy Catholic** Church; the Communion of Saints: The forgiveness of sinss The Resurrection of the body: And the Life everlasting.
A ’’creed” is a precise statement of beliefs, and all religions, including those of non-Christian beliefs, have specific ’’creeds" which are integral parts of their religion. The word "creed" is from the Latin credo, which translates to the meaning "I believe."
The major creed used by many Christian churches, both Roman Catholic and Protestant, is the Apostles’ Creed, and according to "tradition," this manifesto was written by the twelve disciples, with each one contributing one article of faith. But, actually, the creed came together in separate pieces and at different times. It originated from a series of questions that converts had to answer in order to be baptized into the faith. One of the first examples of the questions asked of the person to be baptized was preserved in the Apostolic Tradition of Hippilytus.
These questions date back to around 250 A.D., but the Apostles' Creed was not formalized until late in the sixth century A.D. at a conference in southwestern France. Over the course of the next century, this creed replaced many of the earlier baptismal creeds which were being used by the Roman Church in various areas. During the thirteenth century reign of the Roman Pope, Innocent III, the Apostles’ Creed became the official creed of the Catholic Church in the West (the Roman Church). To the present time, this creed is not recognized by the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Many Christians are of the belief that this creed was written by the Apostles, but a quick look at any concordance will reveal that this creed can not be found in the Bible. There is a wealth of beliefs contained in this creed from a condemnation of Pontius Pilate to the seating of Christ on the right hand of God the Father. It follows from the very creation to the final judgment, but it should be remembered that while beautiful and stirring, it is not found in the word of God and is a tradition of man. If used as a prayer or in a reaffirmation of individual belief, it may be acceptable, but there are some questions,
* Some Protestant churches use the word "Spirit"
»* Some Protestant churches use the word "Christian"
PAGE
5
May 1999: Volume 10, Number 5
THE LATEST VAR
HENRY HOFTWil, Virginia Christian Israelites
President William Clinton has managed to survive the impeachment debacle and the various and sundry sexual escapades which have followed him for the past Lhirty or so years. Now this |great warrior,” who managed to avoid the draft of the Vietnam era, has catapulted us into the mess called Kosovo. The truth of the matter is that the Serbian (Christians) and the Albanian (Westerns) have been fighting and warring in this geographical area since 1392 A.D., some 600+ years. In essence and truth, IT IS A RELIGIOUS WAR, and of course we are fighting the Christians (our brothers) and helping the Moslems. There has been no mention of the fact that in 1987 and again in 1991, it was the Woslems who had the upper hand, and, who were killing Serbs.
Just what is our national interest in this internal civil war? To date, it appears that approximately 3700+ Albanians may have been killed...some number of whom were armed and attacking the Serbians as members of the "Kosovo Liberation Army."
At the time that this is being written, we are only fighting an "air war" and have not as of yet introduced ground troops into this fray. One wonders that in such a relatively small area (Yugoslavia is not a very large nation) how long will it be before we have bombed every square foot of land...and for what purpose...and at what cost? Let us look at these questions.
What is our purpose in getting involved? Is it to halt "ethnic cleansing"? And, if this is so, why have we diligently avoided so many of the other so-called occurrences of this which have arisen around the world? Could it be that we have no "statesmen diplomats" of stature to discuss and negotiate potential conflicts? If, as the news media likes to state, "we are the most powerful nation in the world," is there no leverage to this concept? Are we fighting Serbian nationalism, and if so, are the Serbs any different from our forefathers of 1776 in this nation? How much harder will people fight when they are fighting for their homes and homeland? What is this "mineral wealth" in the mines of northern Kosovo that is only rarely mentioned in the media? Just how does Yugoslavia and Kosovo figure in our national interest, if at all - were they threatening to attack the U.5, or lob some missiles at another NATO country? I have not attempted to provide answers to my original question of purpose, but rather to both derive and evolve additional questions for the reader to consider with regard to the question of why we have become so involved,in essence, our purpose,
X am not sure that anyone knows the exact cost of our latest involvement, but it certainly has to be huge arid may well become staggering in the weeks and months ahead. It has been stated that the "air war" is costing 700 million dollars per week, and that if
there is any escalation, the costs would greatly increase. All the rhetoric of the politicians, the self-congratulations and back-slapping over the so-called "budget surplus" has now faded, and the supposed, but imaginary surplus, is now being expended in Kosovo, (I would like to explore this idea of a "surplus" in some future article). Every time that we fire off a "cruise missile," we expend another million dollars. In addition to the costs involved, between Iraq and Kosovo, we have seriously depleted our stocks of non-nuclear missiles and these stocks will take years and many dollars to rebuild. Does someone want us to have depleted stocks?
In addition to the munitions, we have also assumed the major role in feeding, clothing, and providing housing for all of the refugees. Our "great leader" has recently gone on the television to ask for contributions from the citizenry to aid the refugees. The media (especially the viewing) has done its part by continuously shoving masses of individuals with pained faces clamoring for food rations. According to reliable sources, these "news clips" are most often orchestrated and staged for the purposes of influencing public opinion here in the United States (getting at your purse strings through your heart strings). How many people can see the "poor children" and "starving refugees" on the video every night without being "touched." lile have been told that most of the refugees discard much of the rations and seek out the American cigarette packages. One video spot had a quick glimpse of thousands of discarded cans of food being bulldozed into a trench...so much for the tastes/needs of the refugees. And do not forget, after all the bombing and destruction of the factories, installations, refineries, etc., and when the conflict is finally ended (if ever), we will have to provide funds for the rebuilding of the Yugoslav nation...more untold billions of taxpayer dollars. In the same vein as purpose, we have left the matter of costs without answer, but with an expanded series of considerations.
This little war was supposed to never happen, and if it had to take place, was supposed to be over in a week or so. Who guessed wrong? We are concerned that three of the major players - Albright, Berger, and Cohen all represent one faction of people. We are concerned that stupidity took the place of judgment. We are concerned that we can neither trust or believe the "commander-in-chief" to provide honest answers and policies. We are concerned that the group of "political prostitutes" often referred to as the U.S. Congress are devoid of their responsibilities and obligations and only seek to maintain their time at the public trough. What we see is criminal » what we have are criminals! It is high time that a bunch of old men stop sending young men to fight "their wars." Or is there something more sinister and evil behind this than a group of political fools?
Pray that YAHWEH our Heavenly Father will not turn His Face from His remnant and from our affliction in this time of our need. May God help us today!
The Virginia Christian Israelite
May 1999: Volume
PAG
CHRISTUM HEAUNG
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
The Roman Church combined the Christian way with floivChristian beliefs and weakened the importance of Christian healing. So, when the medieval church replaced tiie Bible as the basis of Christian doctrine, Christian healing was soon forgotten. Where healing was iMttt needed (e.g., the Black Plague), the Church was worse than the physicians. Christianity seemed a super-Stition and an obstacle to medicine and science. And, have not changed much today (except the Church does not have the authority to murder its critics). Still, so-called ministers are not concerned about temporal issues, but only about the soul and afterlife. They recite platitudes.
The Protest mt Reformation promoted individual and national freedom. Christians should despair no longer. Martin Luther healed Philip Melachthon, his co-worker, of a serious sickness through prayer and faith. George Fox, founder of the Quakers, or Society of Friends, and John Wesley, founder of the Methodist Church, both healed others in England and in the colonies.
Some Christians are bringing Christian healing back into the Christian church. This restoration relies on the Bible for instruction and enthusiasm. Mary Baker Eddy in the 1860's founded Christian Science in Boston, Massachusetts, "to organize a church designed to commemorate the word and works of our Master, which should reinstate primitive Christianity and its lost element of healing" (Church Manual of the First Church of Christ, Scientist). In the 1890's, A. J. Tomlinson and Charles G. Parham led the Pentecostal-Charismatic movement to popularize the gift of healing.
God gives us the ordinary means of healths pure air, proper food, rest, exercise, sunshine, and medicinal substances; and it is not a lack of faith to seek such out. But let us take a look at healing. The heart of the Gospel is restoration - healing of body, soul, and spirit. Yahweh declared, "I am the LORD that healeth thee" [Exodus 15*26].
Miriam was healed when "Moses cried unto the LORD, saying. Heal her now, 0 God, I beseech Thee" [Numbers 12:13]. David said the LORD is He "who healeth all thy diseases" [Psalm 103:3]. The LORD restored Jeroboam's hand [1 Kings 13:6]. Hezekiah's prayer added fifteen years to his life [Isaiah 30:5]. The prophets healed [1 Kings 17:21-22]. And Jesus Christ fulfilled what was spoken by the prophets [Matthew 8*16-17]. Christ gave His twelve apostles (the symbols of our White nations) the power to "cure diseases" and "heal the sick" [Luke 8*1-2],
Janies says, "Is any sick among you? let him call for tiie elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the LORD: and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the LORD
E 6
shall raise him up; and if he have committed sir* shall be forgiven him” [James 5:14-15].
Yet, healing does not always come. Healing should for the petitioners' good or for God's glory. They* 1 2 should be ready to say, like Jesus, "Not my will, but Thine be done" [Luke 22:42]. Even Paul was denied a cure. But the LORD assured him, "My grace is sufficient for thee" [2 Corinthians 12:9]. Study and practice healinq!
From the Country Chronicle, Vol. 1, Number 6, March, 1999, P. 0. Box 898, Keysville, Virginia 23947, Barry C. Detwiler, Editor and Publisher, [804] 568-2434. comes the following money-making Jewish scheme:
What Chutzpah!
JERUSALEM - A submerged bridge is being built in Israel to allow tourists to simulate Jesus* miraculous walk on water • This is one of many projects authorized by Israel for millennial celebrations.
Is there no shame? The Zionist Jews who hate and detest the very name of our Saviour, freely capitalize on that name in any and all efforts to gouge tourist dollars.
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE (from Page 4) (1) Carmel, 1 Kings 18:19; (2) Pisgah, Numbers 22-24; (3) Nebo, Deuteronomy 34:1-4; (4) Tabor, Judges 4:6-15; (5) Ararat, Genesis 8:4; (6) Harmon, Matthew 17; (7) Gerizim, John 4:20-21;	(8)	Horeb, Exodus 3:1; (9)
Moriah, 2 Chronicles 3:1; (10) The Mount of Olives, Luke 19:41; (11) Lebanon, 1 Kings 5:6-14; (12) Gilboa,
1	Samuel 31:1-6; (13) Pisgah, Deuteronomy 34:5-6, (14) Gilead, Genesis 31:20-49; (15) Horeb, 1 Kings 19:8; (16) Mount Hor, Numbers 20:25-29; (17) Moriah, Genesis 22:2; (18) Horeb, Exodus 17:6; (19)The Mount of Olives,
2	Samuel 15:30-32; (20) Zion; (21) Sinai, Exodus 31:18; (22) Joshua 8:30; (23) Amos, 6:1; (24) The Mount of Olives, Matthew 24-25; (25) Edom, Ezekial 35:1-7; (26) Arabia, Galatians 4:25; (27) Lot, Genesis 19:30; (28) Joshua, 10:16-27; (29) Lazarus, John 11:38; (30)Elijah, 1 Kings, 19:9; (31) The Midianites, Judges 6:2; (32) David, 1 Samuel 22:1-2 and 23:14,29; (33) Obadiah, 1 Kings 18:4; (34) The Philistines, 1 Samuel 13:5-7; (35) Sarah, Abraham, Isaac, Rebekah, Leah, and Jacob, Genesis 23*19; (36) Moses, Exodus 33:21-23; (37) A bullock, 1 Kings 18*25; (38) Jeroboam, 1 Kings 12:32-33; (39) The brazen serpent, 2 Kings 18*4.
««««»*«
A Note to all In our Prison Ministry* Check and verify that your mailing label is correct and includes all of the necessary information. We have been receiving some correspondence back in the mail.
*•»***»
Pray like your life depends upon it - IT DOES!
PAGE 7
May 1999: Volume 10, Mum
(l Moment ud a Time of Truth!
CHUCK KIHJER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
"Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction." [Jeremiah 17:18]
During the past decade, I hav/e become aware of an increasing attack on the religious beliefs of those who adhere to the Israel message, often referred to as "Christian Identity." These people may also be referred to as "The Covenant People," although the attackers do not like the concept of doing so as it tends to lend a certain degree of correctness and legitimacy. In a similar vein, the term "Israel Identity," while surely correct, makes use of the word "Israel" and that is frowned on by the Jews who like to consider that name their personal property.
The source for most of these attacks has come from all manner of the establishment media...print, broadcast, and telecast.•.and we do know who controls all of the various and sundry media outlets. In most instances there is an alleged affiliation between "Identity" and some nefarious individual or group with regard to some crisis or disaster. As witness, there was the attempt to link Timothy McVey to Identity although there was nothing ever shown to substantiate the accusation. But, the accusation had been made and widely spread in the media, and, there was never any corrective statement issued. Similarly, on Sunday, April 18, 1999, the CBS program "Sixty Minutes," in a segment on Eric Rudolph, attempted to link him to "Identity" although there is no evidence whatsoever that such a link ever existed. In essence, the controlled media is practicing both bias and character assassination by inference and public accusation. It is an attempt to convince "blind Israel" that the beliefs of "Identity" are wicked, evil and violent, and that they should have nothing to do with such beliefs or people.
There is a problem with this however. Most of "blind Israel," including those who attend the Baal churches, believe in the Bible, although they are usually not well-read in the scriptures. All that is necessary is to compare the prophecies, promises, and covenants in the Scriptures to see just who matches the criteria. It does not fit the Jews although most of the Fundamentalists believe that they are the people of the Book. And these prophecies, promises, and covenants cannot be explained away by "spiritualizing" Israel into the so-called modern Christian church. If "blind Israel" would take just one evening (a few hours) to study what the Bible says, much of their "blindness" could be removed. By doing so however, they would create great problems for "churchianity" who would finally have to come up with the truths of Scripture,
One of the most outspoken media critics, tc point of total condemnation, of "Christian Ident; is Judy L. Thomas, a Staff Writer for the Kansas Star. We will quote from an article by Ms# Thomas was published in the Star, and which was also availi from their web page:
JUSTIFYING VIOLENCE "Authorities and those who monitor the movement saj that although not all Christian Identity followers are violent, the message that the white race is superior and others are evil or inferior can be used by some extremists to justify violent acts to further their cause. "Christian Identity uses biblical references to justify white supremacy and violence against other races," said Leonard Zeskind, a Kansas City author who researches right-wing groups. "They’re trying to say their motives are noble. But the bottom line is that their theology, their belief in who is good, who is evil, and who can be redeemed, is all racially determined." The more people who accept the Christian Identity doctrine, said Michael Reynolds of the Southern Poverty Law Center, the greater the likelihood of violence. "Crimes like murder and bank robbery are not crimes to them, because they believe the laws they’re breaking are merely man’s laws," said Reynolds, whose Alabama organization tracks right-wing groups. "To them, if you’re acting in furtherance of God's law, then you are doing the righteous thing." Devon Burghart of the Center for New Community, a Chicago group that educates churches about right-wing extremists, said the Christian Identity message was starting to creep into mainline denominations. "We’re getting quite a few calls from pastors who are confused about what it is and what it means," Burghart said. Fifty years ago, the Christian Identity movement had fewer than 100 followers, according to Southern Poverty. Today, the center says, Identity has more than 50,000 followers in North America."
NOTE: life have only printed a feu paragraphs of the text. If you would like a copy of the entire text please send us your request.
We are familiar with the writings of Mr. Zeskind and of course Mr. Reynolds, being with The Southern Poverty Law Center needs no further comment. We are happy to hear from Mr. Burghart that we are making some inroads into denominationalism. Further, we do acknowledge that Ms. Thomas did say* "not all Christian Identity followers are violent." We must be living in a vacuum, as we are familiar and friends with hundreds of indivicfcials and groups who have never ever mentioned a thought of violence. Is this an attempt by Ms. Thomas to assign a violent and demeaning name to a non-violent theology?
[Continued on Page 8]
PAGE 8
May 1999S Volw» 10,	5
h MOMENT OF TlfC AMD TRUTH: [Continued from Page 7]
IrT truth, and without an attitude or bias, we do believe in ’’superior traits” among the races* liie are not scientists, but there have been many studies done which have convincingly demonstrated that the various races have ’’superior traits*” The Caucasian (white) has a more developed and larger brain, while the Negro (black) has superior physical abilities* To prove this, all that is necessary is to look at professional sports teams* Host of the players in the National Football League, the National Basketball Association, and many in Major League Baseball, and Track | Field Events are of the Negro race* With all of the money involvement of professional sports, do you think for one minute that the team owners would trade ability for color? Does this not demonstrate that all faces have superior and distinguishing traits? This should not be considered as a detriment, but indeed is fact and truth, and no wish of man for "political correctness" can change the matter. So much for the racial superiority issue being restricted and limited to Caucasians only.
Crimes such as murder, bank robbery, burglary, etc. are crimes and in violation of Yahweh-God’s commandments and laws. There are ample references to how "strangers” (people of other races) should be treated in the books of the law (Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy). We surely don”t condone violence and unlawful acts in violation of God’s Laws, and we don't believe that anyone can pick and choose what parts of the Scriptures they will adhere to and what parts they will not. You accept the Scriptures as the Word of God, or you reject them in total.
As people start to question Scriptural "truth,” the mainline denominations will encounter more and more problems. The alleged shepherds of God's flock should read Ezekial 34:1-16; Jeremiah 50:6-9; and Isaiah 56:10-12; and realize that the day of judgment will fall most harshly upon them. Today, for the most part, religion has become nothing more than "big business," with little or no concern for Yahweh-God or His sheep!
In typical error, the Southern Poverty Law Center has stated that some "fifty years ago, the Christian Identity movement had less than 100 followers." We know of many dating back to the 1700’s, 1800’s and 1900’s who wrote about and believed the Israel Identity message. And more than fifty years ago, the renowned Dr* Howard Rand of Destiny Publishers had an extensive following. It is an idea and a belief whose time has come.• .and what is God’s will, no man or men can stop!
Here at VCI, we have developed a rather extensive Prison Ministry program, spread out over many of the contiguous 48 states. It was decided some months ago to conduct a random study of approximately 1000 prisoners who now accept the Identity message and to ascertain where they came into the knowledge of God's truth, and, where they had come from with regard to religion. We surveyed Identity groups and individuals in 96 local, state and federal institutions, and while perhaps not a scientific survey, one that was enlightening and which
should be of interest to those who falsely accuse Christian Identity of violence.
A Survey of Prison Inmate Religious Backgrounds 11 Did you affiliate with a religion or church prior to committing the crime for which you are incarcerated? YES: 861 NO: 73 (if NO go to question 3)
2.	Were you active in attendance at the church listed in question 1? YES: 127 NO: 729
3.	Was your family active in that church? YES: 606 NO: 250
4.	Did you attend an "Identity Church" prior to committing the crime for which you are incarcerated? YES: 19 NO: 912
5.	Were you aware of racism? YES: 931 NO: 4
6* Was your crime of a racial nature? YES: 39 No: 895 7. What church or denomination did you affiliate with?
Name Baptist		Total	Percent
		226	24.1#
Roman Catholic Lutheran	^ ^ ^ Si	221 107	23.6# 11.4#
Methodist v Episcopalian	M|y 24 1999	67	7.2#
		54	5.8#
Congregational		28	3.0#
Presbyterian Protestant (Nbq-*Qj	AMyWATGH	19	2.0#
Local and Independent Churches		123	13.1#
Were you a-member	of Aryan Nations or		
some similar group before prison?		19	2.0#
No Church Affiliation		73	7.8#
Totals:		937	100.0#
1
2
3
4
5
includes 14 Baptist denominations includes several Lutheran denominations includes Anglican denominations includes two Presbyterian denominations Non-denominational, Pentecostal, Church of God, Church of Christ, Latter Day Saints, Church of the Brethren, Independent, and other churches, etc.
From this data, it appears that the first five listings comprise almost 75# of the problem...are these denominations in some manner preaching violence? Why is it that the "religion" of other criminals is never mentioned? Ted Bundy, the serial murderer, was at one time a Baptist...and never once was this ever mentioned in the media. The Virginia Christian Israelites does not promote, support or endorse violence. We are "racial" only as it is referred to in the Bible. We consider such as The Southern Poverty Law Center as the real hatemongers, and while there is ample evidence of those investigating right-wing extremism, why do we hear not one single word on left-wing extremism? So much for the impartiality of the media* We welcome your comments on this article* It may not be a perfect survey as we did not request data on the nature of the crimes* **but it does provide some data at reasonable cost outlay*