EH
C1MM1AMI
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES p o. Bom 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
JUNE 1997: Volume
'Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
Number
WHEN DOES TRUTH BECOME "HATE"
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
AN ANALYSIS OF HATE, EXTREMIST], AND UNGODLY ERROR "Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for My sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." (from the Olivet Discourse, found in Matthew 5:10-12).
A few months ago we received an envelope from a good friend in New Jersey, containing several publications, which were quite eye-opening in our perspective. The first publication, entitled: False Patriots: The Threat Antigovernment Extremists covered more than 70 pages of false rhetoric and allegations, and included the name of our ministry in addition to hundreds of other ministries and groups located in all states of this nation. Now I am not about to defend all of the groups listed as I truthfully have no knowledge of some of those listed. I do know and will defend some groups and listings of whom I have a personal knowledge. [I was going to list some of these, but found that the listing would take too much space].
The second publication, slightly smaller in the number of pages was entitled: Intelligence Report: |inter 1997. This also had several pages of what was termed, "Active Hate Groups," although this was listed by categorical classification as contrasted to the state listings in the first publication. Once again, this ministry was listed as an "active hate group" under the category of "Identity," along with other groups such as Scriptures for America (Pete Peters) and America's Promise Ministries (Dave Barley) and others, some of whom we had no direct knowledge of*
Now we were not aware that we were considered as "antigovernment extremists," or as a "hate group." We do believe that we have the right under the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." to criticize the government and all members and employees of the government who are doing wrong in our eyes. This surely does not mean that we are endorsing, advocating, or condoning violence or any physical acts against the government. If, in accordance with the First Amendment, we can no longer criticize (or express support when applicable), then the Bill of Rights and the Constitution is null and void, and we are no longer a free people!
Before commencing into further discussion, it would be adviseable to inform you of the producers of this garbage. Both of the publications were produced by the Southern Poverty Law Center (Klanwatch & Militia Task Force), 400 Washington Avenue, P. 0. Box 548, Montgomery, Alabama, 36101-0548. The same organization run by Morris Seligman Dees, Richard Cohen, and others. I have no idea of what the words "poverty law center" mean. The SPLC and its affiliates are well-known for unwarranted attacks on Christian Israel groups (often listed under the generic name of Identity).
We have for the past year been mailing out The Virginia Christian Israelite to almost 2,000 people on a monthly basis (or as often as published). Prior to this, we have for the past eight years been mailing to several hundreds monthly. Before becoming the Virginia Christian Isralite, we mailed the former Kingdom News
[Continued on Page 3}
p a a i 2
June 1997 j Volume 8, Nimber 6
Testing Your Bible Knowledge
1* Who pelted David and his men with stones while he accused David of being a violent man?
2% Whet son of a priest was stoned to death by order of King Joash?
3. What owner of a vineyard was stoned after being falsely accused in front of Ahab?
4* Who was stoned by an irate mob while trying to carry out the orders of King Rehoboam?
5* Which of Jesus’ parables talks about the stoning of a landowner’s servant?
$* Who was in danger of being stoned after the Amale-kites dragged off the wives and children of Ziklag?
H What shepherd boy felled a giant with one single stone?
Who stoned the Amorites while Joshua led an attack on them?
9.	Who was stoned for holding back some of the loot from Jericho?
10.	for what seemingly minor offense did the Israelites stone a man while in the wilderness?
11.	In what city did some Jews persuade the people to stone Paul?
12.	pp fled from Iconium when they heard of a plot to stone them?
13.	What deacon became the first Christian martyr when the Jews stoned him?
14.	What Gospel mentions Jesus miraculously passing through a crowd that intended to stone him?
15.	Who intended to stone the woman caught in adultery?
16.	What afflicted the Philistines when they captured the ark of the covenant?
'7. Where did Jesus encounter a woman who had hemorrhaged for many years?
'6. What king of Judah suffered from a painful boil?
IS. What apostle’s mother-in-law had a fever?
20.	Nftafc was the affliction of the government official’s son healed by Jesus?
21.	righteous man suffered from boils?
22.	According to Revelation, what afflicts those who have the mark of the beast?
23.	What king of Judah suffered from a crippling foot disease?
24.	In the parable of Lazarus and the rich man, what was Lazarus's affliction?
25.	What son of Jonathan was crippled because he had been dropped by his nurse as a baby?
26.	What man was healed of dysentery by Paul?
27.	Who healed Aeneas of paralysis?
26. What was the affliction of the man let down through through a roof by his friends?
29. What prophet said that all of Israel was covered with sores» wounds, arid bruises?
301 tiifiat did Moses toss in the air to produce boils on the Egyptians?
# # # # •
(Piea.>e turn to Page 5 for Uie answers, if necessary)
THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES The Virginia Christian Israelites is a ministry located in, and serving Yahweh-God’s Israelite people in the Commonwealth of Virginia. We are foremost Israelites, with the ’’Virginia” and "Christian” being descriptive adjectives of where and what we are. We have no affiliations with other groups or organizations. We place special emphasis on the early history, development, and migrations of the ten northern tribes, and related peoples of the House of Israel, from whom descended the Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, Scandinavian, Germanic and related nations. We believe in the observance of the ordained holy days and the adherence to Scriptural laws. We believe God’s moral, civil, and national law, as codified by Moses, should be the law of the land, if we wish to enjoy lasting peace, freedom, happiness, and prosperity. We do not align with any political persau-sion. We believe that our rights are guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States of America and the Bill of Rights, and allows us to voice our opinions, without prejudice, on all matters which we consider are in violation of God’s laws and our rights to freedom of worship and expression.
The Virginia Christian Israelite is the newsletter of the Virginia Christian Israelites. It is usually produced on a monthly basis and mailed to recipients in 12 foreign nations as well as the United States. Circulation varies based upon our available resources and the number of sample mailings made. Included are more than 480 issues sent to incarcerated Israelites.
March 1997 editions 1903 copies April 1997 editions 1812 copies May 1997 editions 1823 copies June 1997 editions 1916 copies
********
Is This The Christian Way?
FORGOTTEN BY HIS COUNTRY
On December 30, 1996, a homeless Korean War veteran, Carl Saam, died at Robert Wood Hospital. Based on his name and Social Security number, Piscataway’s welfare director found that he was receiving $230 a month from Social Security. Will someone please explain to me how immigrants can come into this country, go on SSI [Social Security supplemental], and receive $610 a month, while Carl Saam, who served his country, was honorably discharged and only received $230 a month?
It seems to me that the politicians are giving their priorities to the wrong people. Carl was buried at Amy town Veterans Cemetary, remembered by his comrades in arms, but not by his country.
Henry Kaspar, Linden, NJ
(The above was taken from the June 199? issue of The American Legion Magazine, page 5). We feel that this letter applies to many in this land. When we send billions of dollars to foreigners and forget qut own people and problems in the U«S.« we are totally wrong*
The Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 3
June 1997: Volume 8, Number 6
yHE-N DOES TRUTH BLCflC HATE [Continued from Page 1 ]
Report to many hundreds of believers. Can anyone show us where we have promoted, advocated, or supported "hate" in all of these years? UJell, if we have done none of the above, then there must be some other reason why we have made this list.
Why is it that we can speak out in a critical manner against the Baptists, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Lutherans, Roman Catholics, etc., but we, and others, do not dare speak out against the Jews? We think some of the practices of the denominational ministries are in direct conflict with the word of Scripture, and are in the words of Yahweh our God, an abomination! We are referring to such things as the ordination of gay priests, the deliberate mis-interpretation of the Bible [God’s Word] with regard to the abortion issue, and many other issues which the "church" remains silent on. Is it that we as Christian Israelites, preaching and teaching the truth of God are stepping on some toes and causing some to feel uncomfortable? If we don’t preach and teach "hate*1, then it must be because we teach and preach TRUTH!
The denominational churches have been around for a long time.• .and just what have they accomplished? Many of them are so steeped in the "traditions of men" that they know not the ways of God. In studying church history, we find that it was shortly after the ascension of our Saviour, that men started to deviate from His words and establish the traditions and concepts of men. As the Roman church gained momentun, we find a total deviation from the ways of God. The purgatory issue, the confessional, the indulgences | the inf allability of the pope, the issue of the rosary, the intervention and veneration of Mary, and on, and on, and on. The story of Martin Luther’s rebellion against the Roman Church is well known. But shortly after the Protestant Reformation, the fledgling denominations began to fragment and re-establish many of the "traditions of man".
The one thing that is remarkable is that both the new Protestant denominations and the older Roman Church avoided any acceptance of the older Hebrew (Israelite) holy days as proscribed in the Bible. Was it because they did not know they were Israelites? Was it because they did not want to emulate the Jews? Was it because they wanted to establish their own tradition? In the Bible, and specifically in the books of Leviticus and Deuteronomy (the law) it states that the ancient holy days were to be celebrated for ever unto all your generations* What does "for ever" mean? It means until the end of time* • .continuous. • .everlasting. If the Roman Church wanted to determine their own form of worship, why didn't the new Protestant denominations go back to the words of the Bible and celebrate and observe according to God's word? The answer is the alienation from the Jews and the traditions of men. And so error was compounded and carried along for years. If 22t million Israelites went into the Assyrian captivity in the years proceeding 720 B.C.» then the question is: Were did all of these people disappear to?.
Now on to the Jews. The Jews continue to refer to themselves as "the Chosen of God," and as such have hoodwinked many of the fundamentalist and evangelical Christian denominations and leaders. To support this concept, most Jews go back to Yahweh's promises to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. But in truth, Abraham, Isaac and Jacob were not and could not have been Jews.
The word Jew, is a slang term derived from Judahite (from Judah, one of the sons of Jacob). How can the father, grandfather, and great-grandfather be named after a distinct name of the great grandson? Most definitely impossible! In fact, Abraham and Isaac were Hebrews - not Israelites, the term Isralites appearing only after Jacob's name was changed to Israel (see Genesis 32:27-28), and the term "Israelites" meaning "of Israel" was passed on to the sons of Jacob-Israel.
Do you really think that the Jews are the Chosen people of God? Do you think that Yahweh considers the stock, bond, and derivatives manipulators as chosen or outstanding? How about all of the Jews involved in banking and finance? How about all of the Jewish abortion doctors? How about all of the Jews involved in the production of the Hollywood "entertainment" trash? How about all of the Jews who are controlling the media? How about Jonathan Pollard (and other spies)? How about all of the Jews employed by the government in staff positions and as heads of departments? Can these people really be the chosen of God? Are we wrong? Or are these people taking advantage and bleeding us for everything that they can get? Lie think that they are doing this to us, but, we are not advocating physical violence. So just how does this become violent and physical hate? If our speaking out on this TRUTH is hate, so be it, for we are merely abiding by the words of our Saviour: "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." [John 8:32]. You might wish to read the entire eighth chapter of John in which the condemnation of Christ to the Jews is well documented.
lilhy all the condemnation of the Israelite message by Jew-controlled groups? Why is it that in 1992, (the last year for which we have numbers), the U.S. Dept, of Justice found the JDL (Jewish Defense League) to be the most "violent" group in this nation, far surpassing all of the ultra right groups? Why does the Jewish Defense League operate para-military training bases in the Catskill Mountain region of New York? Why is there never any mention of these activities? Where is the true "hate" and why the coverup?
Many of the Hasidim Jews (Orthodox) do not believe that the Zionist nation of the Israeli is the return of Israel to the promised land. They insist that the so-called return does not follow scripture for the return of the Jews to the land. [How does that square with Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell and others?]
We have grown tired of these false accusations and condemnations unjustly leveled at us and at others by unscrupulous individuals and groups who feel threatened by the truth that we are presenting.
[Continued on Page 4]
TN* Virginia Chriurtiiin TaiwiUtt
PAGE 4
June 1997: Vo.1i.jwp 8, tturrfcer §
»jT» an TROTH PLOT* HATE [Continued from Pag® 3]
Of course wt real ire that organ!rations such as the Southern Poverty Law Carter and the Anti-Defamation leacMP *ust have so-called "enemies" in order to continue to evist* for if there are no "enemies” then there is no real need for a group to oppose them and gitlttiitions would eventually dry up and some people Ipipf have to go out and find a real job. The problem |B«| these groups is that they present lies in an Official manner” making them believeable by many uiho « flat take the time to investigate for themselves.
1	it	is time to consider the words of Jehu the
JIMP of Hmnani as found in 2 Chronicles 19:2: "Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate Yahweh? threfare is wrath upon thee from before El-Elohim."
To those Adamites and Israelites (of the Christian who are so gullible that they believe all of tflK fallacies spewed forth by unchristian groups, I ask UK same question posed by Paul in 2 Corinthians 6:14: "Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what convnunian hath light with darkness?”
I am sure that a copy of this newsletter will find its way into the hands of the ungodly. If, and when it does, I want you to know that 1C HAVE HAD ENOUGH! We are not going to stand by and continue to be libelled
B
and slandered by your vile vomit. This nation is our country...it has been affirmed to be a Christian nation by governmental authorities. If you don’t like it, then our advice is to get out. It is time to call down upon this Edomite gathering, the curses of Yahweh, our Heavenly Father.
In closing, for your spiritual comfort, let me ask you to read the 27 verses in the 15th chapter of John. It is too long to reprint herein, but it only takes a few minutes to prayerfully read and understand. It covers much in the way of worldly "hate" towards Jesus lyrist, towards Yahweh-God our Father, and us. Amen.
********
If you want to see what "HATE" is, in addition to the two publications mentioned in the above article, you may want to also consider the following: A new publication by Southern Poverty Law Center entitled Two Years After, Media Bypass magazine says of this: "Despite its comedy of errors, ,Two Years After* is worth ordering for it entertainment value alone. There is no charge, just write to: Klanwatch & Militia Task Force, Southern Poverty Law Center, P. 0. Box 548, Montgomery, AL 36101-0548, or call: 1-[334] 264-0286.
In addition, you may want to order for $20.00, a new 300-page book entitled: Dangeri Extremism, The Major Vehicles and Voices on America1! Far-Right Fringe. You can order this from: Anti-Defamation League, 828 United Natlcxs Plaza, New York, NY 10017, This publication liste over 1,000 names of "dangerous” antisemites. Per* haps it would be highly informative and worthwhile, to see who "is not" listed in these publications.
OF SPECIAL INTEREST TO THOSE LISTED
The Southern Poverty Law Center, and presumably their Klanwatch and Militia Task Force Division, has been utilizing some of these aforementioned publications in teaching/training military personnel (USAF) about the "False Paztriots" and other "undesireables" in this nation. This is being done at taxpayer expense! Several inquiries have been made into this matter, and there is the possibility of court action with regard to this. If you are one of the individuals or groups listed, you may be a beneficiary. There is a packet of materials which have been prepared for distribution for a cost of $20.00, and can be ordered from Ms. Fran Clarkson, or Mr. Nelson Waller. For additional information on the ongoing effort, or to order the packet, or for general information, please write:
FRAN CLARKSON or NELSON WALLER P. 0. Box 2368, Anderson, SC 29622
-----APR ic Io, 1606--
KING OAITCSI, CHARTS
for thb mi smmm
OF VIRGINIA
"To THF QLOR'i OF HIS DAHHB fflfljesn, /N PROPPO-FT/HSOF Christian Reunion 73 such peone As yer uue /hksnoramcs of ne rate Kjxwi&se ahp mtstnf of
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN GOO?
In the glare of earthly pleasure,
In the fight for earthly treasure, *Mid your blessing without measure, Have you forgotten God?
You are thoughtful of the stranger from the palace or the manger;
And the weak you shield from danger -Have you forgotten God?
While His bounties you're accepting, Are you His commands neglecting And His call to you rejecting? Have you forgotten God?
See the shades of night appalling On your pathway now are falling. Hear you not those voices calling? Have you forgotten God? [Robert J, Koffend]
PAGE 5
June 1997 • Volume 8, Number 6
ANSWERS TO TESTING TOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE [1] Shimei (2 Samuel 16*5-6)t [2] Zechariah (2 Chronicles 24*20-22); [3] Naboth (1 Kings 21*13) [4] Adoniram (1 Kings 12*18); [5] The parable of the tenants (Matthew 21*35); [6] David (1 Samuel 30*6); [7] David (1 Samuel 17*49); [8] Yahweh-God (Joshua 10*11); [9] Achan and his family (Joshua 7*24-25); [10] Gathering sticks on the sabbath (Numbers 15*36); [11] Lystra (Acts 14*19); [12] Paul & Barnabas (Acts 14* 5-6); [13] Stephen (Acts 7*59); [14] John (10*31,39 & 8*59); [15] The scribes & the Pharisees (John 8*3-11); [16] Tumors (1 Samuel 5*6); [17] Capernaum (Matthew 9*20); [18] Hezekiah (2 Kings 20*7); [19] Peter (Matthew 8*14-15); [20] Fever (John 4*52]; [21] Job (2*7); [22] Painful sores (Revelation 16*2); [23] Asa (1 Kings 15*23) [24] Running sores (Luke 16:20); [25] Mephibosheth (2 Samuel 4*4); [26] Publius*s father (Acts 28*8); [27] Peter (Acts 9*33); [28] Paralysis (Luke 5*18); [29] Isaiah (1*6); [30] Ashes (Exodus 9*9-10).
| i i i I * *
WHAT HAPPENED TO AMERICA...
WHERE DID IT GO?
By Colonel Bill
Through two world wars, some "police actions” and a terrible depression, Americans fought and worked with deep confidence in themselves and their country. Their work made the nation safe, made it grow.
Then something went wrong, in high places and low. It became the era of "something for nothing,” of "what is in it for me." So now areas want "federal funds" for luxuries they cannot afford. They want other citizens to pay their bills. Higher wages are demanded to do the same job, so, of course, prices go up and jobs disappear. Government bureaus waste billions by carelessly paying higher prices than necessary. More billions are lost through poor inventory control and even worse accounting methods.
Foreigners demand freedom but in the same breath demand doles. Politicians outdo each other in promising gifts (of YOUR money) to pressure groups in order to buy votes for themselves. The wicked waste of unearned billions speeds the ruin of your savings and your country.
Remember, THERE ARE NO FEDERAL FINDS! There are only local funds shrunk and weakened by travelling to Washington. Every time you demand and get "federal" money, you are demanding and destroying another part of your own country. Doesn*t that mean anything to anyone anymore?
From The Bullet, Official Publication of the Virginia Shooting Sports Association, May-June 1997
Pray like your life depends upon it
IT DOES!
r	A
The United States of America
s______________________________________________
Pastor LESTER BLACK
Isaiah 18*7 (King James)* "In that time shall the present be brought unto Yahweh of hosts, of a people scattered and peeled (smooth faced), and from a people terrible (conquering) from their beginning hitherto; a mighty nation meted (surveyed) out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled (divided or quartered), to the place of the name of Yahweh of hosts, the (modern) mount Zion."
Isaiah 18*7 (Revised Standard)* "At that time gifts will be brought to Yahweh of hosts, from a people tall and smooth (clean shaven), from a people feared near and far, a nation mighty and conquering, whose land the rivers divide, to Mt. Zion, the place of the name of Yahweh of hosts."
Isaiah 18*7 (Jerusalem Bible)* "At that time, offerings will be brought to Yahweh Sabaoth on behalf of the tall and bronzed nation, on behalf of the nation always feared, on behalf of a mighty and masterful people in the country cris-crossed (quartered) with rivers, to the place where the name of Yahweh Sabaoth dwells, on Mount Zion."
One cannot find any other land on earth, divided this way, into four sections - northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest - by rivers. This prophecy (and the others in Isaiah 18*7), can be applied to no country other than the United States of America.
The context of Zechariah 14*8 is speaking of modern Jerusalem, not the "old" Jerusalem. "And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out of Jerusalem; half of them toward the former (eastern) sea and half of them toward the hinder (western) sea, in summer and in winter shall it be." The U.S.A. is recognized as the (new) Jerusalem and it is bounded by a sea to the east and to the west. "Living waters," the words of Yahweh, have went throughout the entire world, from the United States, To ALL of Israel, and a witness to all other nations as well.
During the present apostacy and spiritual blindness of true "Israel," the nation is being judged and afflicted by evil "men," Unless those days are shortened, all flesh shall perish from the earth, but, for the elects sake, those days shall be shortened. And in that day, the Kingdom of Yahweh shall be established on earth - as it is in "heaven."
May present Israel's blind eyes, see, and deaf ears, hear, and repentence come to true Israel. The day is far spent and the night is coming when no "man" may longer work. May the "living waters" of truth flood our unrepentent hearts. Amen.
Th* Virginia Christian Israelite
PAGE 6
June 1997: Volume 8, Nunber 6
Jewish* Hatred
I Statawnt by Professor Israel Shahak on the Jewish Hatred towards Christianity
Professor Israel Shahak is an Israeli citizen, former concentration camp inmate during World War IIt and the founder of Israel’s Human Rights League. His new book ’’Jewish History, Jewish Religion’* about Jewish hatred and contempt towards "Gentiles” is highly recommended.
Dishonoring Christian religious symbols is an old religious duty in Judaism. Spitting on the cross, and especially on the Crucifix, and spitting when a Jew passes a church, have been obligatory from around AD 200 for pious Jews. In the past, when the danger of anti-Semitic hostility was a real one, the pious Jews were commanded by their rabbis either to spit so that the reason for doing so would be unknown, or to spit onto their chests, not actually on the cross or openly before the church.
The increasing strength of the Jewish state has caused these customs to become more open again but there should be no mistake: The spitting on the cross for converts from Christianity to Judaism, organised in Kibbutz Sa’ad and financed by the Israeli government is an act of traditional Jewish piety. It does not cease to be barbaric, horrifying and wicked because of this! On the contrary, it is worse because it is so traditional, and much more dangerous as well, just as the renewed anti-Semitism of the Nazis was dangerous, because in part, it played on the traditional anti-Semitic past.
This barbarous attitude of contempt and hate for Christian religious symbols has grown in Israel. In the 1950’s Israel issued a series of stamps representing pictures of Israeli cities. In the picture of Nazareth, there was a church and on its top a cross - almost invisible, perhaps the size of a millimetre. Nevertheless, the religious parties, supported by many on the Zionist "left" made a scandal and the stamps were quickly withdrawn and replaced by an almost identical series from which the microscopic cross was withdrawn.
Then there was the long-drawn-out battle about Christian influence in elementary arithmetic. Pious Jews objected to the international plus sign for it is a cross, and it may in their opinion, influence little children to convert to Christianity. Another "explanation" holds: it would then be difficult to "educate" them to spit on the cross, if they became used to it in their arithmetic exercises. Until the early 1970s two different sets of arithmetic books were used in Israel. One for the secular schools, employing an inverted "T" sign. In the early ’70’s the religious fanatics "converted" the Labour Party to the great danger of the cross in arithmetic, and from that time, in all Hebrew
elementary schools (and now many high schools as well) the international plus sign has been forbidden.
Similar development is visible in other areas of education. Teaching the New Testament was always forbidden, but in the old time, conscientious teachers of history used to circumvent the prohibition, by organizing seminars or sending the students to libraries (not the school libraries, of course). About ten years ago there was a wave of denouncing such teachers. One in Jerusalem was almost sacked, for advising her history pupils, who were studying the history of Jews in Palestine around 30-40 AD, that it would be a good thing if they would read a few chapters of the New Testament as a historical aid. She retained her post only after humbly promising not to do this again.
However in recent years, anti-Christian feelings are literally exploding in Israel (and among Israel-wor-shipping Jews in the Diaspora too) together with the increase of the Jewish fanaticism in other areas too.
The real enemies of the truth here, as in many other aspects of the Israel reality, are the socialists, "liberals," "radicals," etc. in the USA. Imagine the reaction of the US Liberals, and of such papers as The National and New York Review of Books, not to speak of the New York Times if in any state whatsoever, the government financed spitting on a Star of David? But when here in Israel, the government finances the spitting on a cross, they are and will continue to be, quite silent. Wore than this, they help to finance it. United States taxpayers, who are of course mostly Christians, are financing at least the Israeli budget, one way or another, and therefore they are indirectly spitting on the cross also.
Reprinted from "Covenant lilatch," March/April 1997, Pastor Frank Dowsett, Australia
What Are We Doing?
On the NBC Evening News of Way 20, 1997, anchor Tom Brokaw had a segment on the mind-altering drugs being taken by children, "our children" in this country. Now please understand that I do not think much of the establishment "talking head" Tom Brokaw, but every so often some tidbit of truth does manage to find its way out of the maze created by the establishment, in the name of news. What was truly amaing was the reported fact that there are now over one million children who depend upon Prozac, Ridilin, or some other mind-bending narcotic to prevent or minimize "depression," all of which is being prescribed by the medical community and accepted without question by the responsible adults (parents?). What is all of this doing, in the long-term basis, to these children? When will we put God back into our children's minds instead of some dementing drug? What is to be the result ten or twenty years hence? Another example of our people forgetting Yahweh and His laws and rules -and another attempt by our sick society to rectify our ills through the efforts of man, which result in the poisoning of our future. YAHWEH HELP US!
PAGE 7
June 1997: Volume 8, Number 6
/ “\
Oivil Rights
k..
by STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, WA 02045
White people have been supremely generous to the Negroes. They have raised blacks from savage tribal conditions to civilization. But history does not record the kindness. Instead, historians use the relative concepts of "slavery” and "racism” out of historic context and use them to deride aristocratic southern plantation owners and contemporary white loyalists for abuses. These historians foment modern communistic revolutions. Comparing the Old South to the exploitation, crime, and social misery of the modern city slums, one definitely acquits the Old South. Moreover, during the 19th century the "free" workmen of Europe worked long hours
I from an early age, lived in slums, ate bad food, and were subjected to numerous social ills. Economic and political competition between the North and the South was the chief cause of seccession and civil war, not slavery in itself. Lincoln did not issue the Emancipation Proclamation until 1862 when the Civil War was half over, freeing only slaves in territory then in rebellion.
The negative interpretation of the Old South’s heritage could only have been conceived and promoted by a race of vulgar opportunists who had no integral relationship with the Western heritage - the Jews. Indeed the Jews had even established the slave trade [Edit. Note: look at the registered owners of slave ships from Rhode Island ports - Jews]. The principal advantage of the Jews was to pass as Caucasian (or white). But their literacy, shrewd business acumen, and ghetto traditions of separateness facilitated their success. General Ulysses Grant barred Jews from his jurisdiction because of the trouble they caused. As the power of the Jews grew in America, so did racial conflict between Negroes and Whites. Jewish money corrupted government, labor, education, churches, the press, and other leading institutions.
Racial segregation was a generous plan, but white benevolence went back many decades before it. The plan to repatriate Negroes to Africa had shown great promise. The races (Indians included) were kept apart for the benefit of civilization and good breeding. The Ku Klux Klan was founded in 1866, and to some part, it saved the southern white race from reconstruction and social anarchy. The Klan was disbanded, but was later reformed in 1915.
In 1896, in the case of Plossy v. Ferquson, the Supreme Court upheld the custom of "separate but equal*. It correctly concluded: "Legislation is powerless to eradicate racial instincts or to abolish distinctions based upon physical differences, and to attempt to do so can only result in accentuating the differences of the present situation,"
But traditional universities even admitted well-qualified blacks. W.E.B. DuBois (b. 1868), the founder of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), earned a Ph.D. at Harvard. [Edit. Note: Later Jews took over control of the NAACP] Idealists founded institutions for blacks only (e.g., Lincoln University, Howard University, Fisk, Tuskegee Institute, and many agricultural and mechanical schools). Jewish propagandists later indoctrinated these institutions to accept values to destroy white culture.
Negroes had a sense of identity and belonging by having their own cultural forms and associations. Their sports were drug-free and not a multibillion dollar show. Scott Joplin, for example, created new musical styles that swept the nation. When the Jews captured the music industry, Jews like Irving Berlin destroyed the black spirit out of greed for profits. Chauvinism is a natural trait of the Negro, but it was not based on anti-white prejudices, protests, lawlessness, and exaggerations about the intolerance blacks faced. A subculture reduced to blaming a majority has no real indepenent life or vision and is doomed to decay.
Civil rights from Booker T. Washington (b. 1856) to Martin Luther King (b. 1929) were to become a spoiling and demolition of black identity and nationalism. Integration destroyed black solidarity, creating "racism," and undermining United States greatness and national sovereignty. This benefited only the international race - the Jews. Negroes never wanted equality: they wanted free expression for their unique talents. And, so, equality turned out to be self-denial and acting out. Black codes were needed to control a people not used to freedom and of a different biological make-up.
The year 1954 was a critical year. Earl Warren (b. 1891) in Brown v. Board of Education forbade racial segregation as a violation of the 14th Amendment guaranteeing "equal protection": "We come then to the question presented: Does segregation of children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the physical facilities and other ’tangible' factors may be equal, deprive the children of the minority group of equal educational opportunities? We believe it does.• .To separate them from others of similar age and qualifications solely because of their race generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone..."
Warren was not the bleeding-heart that historians portray him to be, but a ruthless communist working for the destruction of the United States. Even President Eisenhower regretted appointing him to the Supreme Court. Warren had been responsible for the seizure of property from Japanese-Americans interned by the federal government. Warren had no respect for democratic traditions: he usurped the power of the legislature. The Brown decision was not based on judicial procedure. No real inquiry was made into the biological
[Continued on Page 8}
P A
G E 8
June 1997: Volume 8, Plumber 6
CIVIL RIGHTS [Continued from Page 7] consequences of race-mixing* It was simply a sociological ultimatum*
The blarren Court protected every class of criminal and crime skyrocketed in the country. Mapp v/» Ohio (1961) made evidence irrelevant unless gathered with a warrant. In Escobedo v. Illinois (1964), it allowed those clearly guilty of a crime to go free because of court technicalities. Miranda v. Arizona (1968) put all convictions in jeopardy if suspects were not informed of their rights. These were all Jewish communist schemes.
The whole process of racial integration has been designed to alienate the races and promote civil strife and anarchy. Yet the process was concealed in liberal rhetoric. In 1957, Congress approved the civil rights bill for blacks to protect voting rights, and highhanded conduct was not trifling. The same year? Eisenhower had the National Guard integrate aJiw^yite Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas. mass media have gained tremendous political fflqweip'ln the policing of social relations and valuesthe most part, these are owned and managed by Jew&r-^
Thus only when the Jews are circumscribed by white
if py ra	i
civilization can segregation work and ensurb dthe peace and progress of society. Why then has govetooij|pt takeQ the opposite corse of empowering the international Jeiap with their self-aggrandizing policies foi^^^^-world government? And why are all strategies ano^ii^^ns of white people for social progress censored and suppressed? Are we past the point of no return for civilization as we know it?
In the final analysis, the Establishment has usurped all traditional rights and institutionalized new relationships based on its absolute authority. Its racemixing intent is apparent. But every evidence demonstrates there is no social justice nor biological advantage to race-mixing.
If we compare the conditions of 19th century white workers, we see how liberals ignore the vast amount of social misery suffered by whites. That "Afro-Americans" and minorities should be singled out as privileged groups for special treatment augurs the dispossession and extermination of whites. Compare the "rights" of Jews to whites. The Jews built up a whole Holocaust industry - museums, monuments, foreign aid to Israeli, media censorship of so-called anti-Semitism, hate laws, pensions and relief services to Holocaust survivors, etc. - that biases every European and American institution to pay tribute to an "alleged” 6 million Jews [Edit. Notes The 6 million has been proven in recent years to be grossly exagerated and in total error, but that does not stop the dissemination of the lie]. And those who may challenge the "myth" are quickly demoted, black-listed, and ostracized.
More and more whites are sensing the conspiracy every day. Civil rights will prove to be a bigger failure than laissez faire economics. Documents from 19th century British industry depict what some whites could
c*
expect from life. British mines, for example, were deplorable. Lord Ashley's Mines Commission made an investigation of labor conditions in the British mines. Here is a glimpse of the times.
Sahah Gooder, aged 8, reported* "I'm a trapper in the Gawber pit. It does not tire me, but I have to trap without light, and I'm scared. I go at four and sometimes half past three in the morning, and come out at five or half past. I never go to sleep. Sometimes I sing when I've light...I go to Sunday-school and read 'Reading Made Easy.' (She knows her letters and can read little words). They teach me to pray. (She repeated the Lord's prayer, not very perfectly...) I have heard tell of Jesus many times...I would like to be at school far better than in the pit."
Isabella Read, 12 years old, a coal bearer, reported: " I am brought with sister and brother, it is very sore work; cannot say how many rakes or journeys I make from pit's bottom to wall face and back. I carry out about*T"cwto and a quarter on my back; have to stoop so much and creep through water, which is frequently up to the^falves of my legs. I do not like work, nor do the lassies, but they are made to like it."
f-Mary Barrett, aged 14, reported: "I have worked down i<f>he pits five years. Father is working next pit... I t$U£ry for my brother John, and come down about seven ‘d'Sclock about. I go up at six, sometimes even seven. I not like working in the pit, but I am obliged to get living. I work always without stockings, or shoes, or JwCrousers. I wear nothing but my chemise. I have to go up to the headings with the men. They are naked...I cannot read or write."
Patience Kershaw, 17 years old, reported: "My father has been dead about a year. My mother is living and has ten children. Three lassies go to the mill. All the lads are colliers...I go to the pit at five o'clock in the morning and come out at five in the evening. I get my breakfast of porridge and milk first. I take my dinner with me, a cake, and eat it as I go. I do not stop or rest any time for the purpose. I get nothing else until I get home, and then have potatoes and meat, not every day meat. I hurry in the clothes I have on, trousers and ragged jacket. The bald place upon my head is made by thrusting the corves (vehicles for carrying coal). My legs have never swelled, but my sister's did...I hurry the corves a mile and more underground and back; they weigh 300 cwt. The getters I work for are naked except for their caps. They pull off all their clothes. I see them at work when I go up. Sometimes they beat me, if I am not quick enough, with their hands. They strike me upon the back. The boys take liberties with me; sometimes they pull me about. I am the only girl in the pit. There are about 20 boys and 15 men. All the men are naked."
Lord Ashley's Report added that this girl was ignorant, filthy, ragged, and deplorable-looking, such as the uncivilized natives of the praries would be shocked to look upon, [Edit. Note* These are common examples of 19th century white slavery and abuse].