fHE VIMMNIA ©SEIM IAN I
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Box 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
DECEMBER 2001: Volume 12: Number 12 'Our fifteenth year of service to Yahweh our God"
'Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
An Ending and A Beginning - Is Anything Changing?
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
We are getting ready to bid good-bye to the year 2001 within the next few weeks, and perhaps this is a good time to assess and consider the state of the Israel people.
Over the course of a year we communicate with a broad spectrum of both knowledgeable Israelites, and some yet-blind Israelites, from all over the world. From this interface, we are in a unique position to evaluate the efforts of Christian Israelites throughout the world in the spreading of the gospel message.
There appears to be a rather deep and growing disappointment with contemporary Christianity as people who are searching for nourishing faith and hope in the Christian religion, are coming away with empty plates. "Churchianity," for the most part has not been able to modify their traditions of men to reflect the needs of God's people. For many centuries the various Christian churches have gotten away with the peddling of the same old non-confrontational messages. Today, people are beginning to look beyond this dusty rhetoric, and the old-line churches are not able to return to scriptural truth.
We see priests in the Roman Church being exposed as pedophiles. We see Roman priests infected with and dying of AIDS from improper behavior. Gone are the days when the local priest was revered as Ma man of God." We see those ministers and pastors who blatantly commit adultery with other women, disregarding in totality the marriage vows they ask others to abide by and adhere to. We see ministers of God avoiding the teaching and preaching of issues and matters that are both controversial, and socially (politically) incorrect, following the dictates of man rather than the laws of God.
And some of the people are beginning to see behind the veil that churchianity has set up to hide their individual and collective sins. In some instances, we will find a minister of God who realizes the faults of their church, but who is tom between speaking out with the true message of Yahweh-God, and holding onto his preacher job. [Note: church hierarchy is not very happy about the preacher who deviates from church doctrine.]
You would think from this perspective that the whole idea of who we are - Christian Israelites - would be readily accepted, but we are in a direct confrontation with denominational
churchianity, with the Jews who like to lay claim to our birthright, and from those "dark" organizations who can not stand up to the "light" of Biblical truth (see John 3:19-21). We have discerned a greater interest in our Father's (and His Son's) message. It is not "our" message that we promote, but IBs! Our Saviour has told His "elect people" in John 8:33, "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." The light of truth is beginning to pierce through the darkness, and God's people are beginning to understand.
There are some who are so wedded to the traditions of men that they will never give up that warm comfort afforded by the ceremonial church. We are told in Romans 9:27, that "... though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved: ” [emphasis mine]. We are to seek out that remnant.
In the forthcoming year we will be seeking out additional numbers of that remnant. We have a strong message. But it is a dangerous message to be ignored after you have heard the truth. In Hosea 4:6, we are informed, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge. 7 will also reject thee..." [emphasis mine].
We are to bring the message to "our people," not to the pagan and ungodly world. For those who like to quote Mark 16:15, "Go ye unto all the world..., ” may I point out Matthew 15:24, "I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel." We must seek the proper meaning for the word Mworld."It is our responsibility to teach and preach the Word of God. We are not to force people to accept it, we are only teachers. It is the role of the Holy Spirit to then move upon that person's heart so that they will seek more knowledge and the acceptance of the Almighty, and the saving sacrifice of His Son.
If those people reject the message that we bring to them, we are informed in the gospels what we should do. See, Matthew 10:14, Mark 6:11, and Luke 9:5. Notice that it will be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of judgment than for the unhearing city.
In 2002, let us all make the effort to reach the remaining remnant of God's "elect."
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / December 2001: Volume 12, Number 12
4 little changes in the U.S. Founding Father's Original Design Have Caused the World's Woes
Dick Eastman Yakima, Washington
1.	The Founding Fathers insisted upon Government without
secrecy.
2.	The Founding Fathers insisted upon a money supply not
under the control of bankers
3.	The Founding Fathers insisted that the Senate be selected by
state legislatures rather than the easily swayed state popular electorate.
4.	The Founding Fathers insisted that Presidents be selected by
voting for the most intelligent and common-good seeking individuals, men wholly separate from the Federal or State governments called Electors and that these Electors should determine who will be the next president - rather than rich-men-owned press and parties making the choice.
PLEASE NOTE CHANGES IN PRISON MINISTRY PROGRAM
The Ministry Board of The Congregations of Israel meeting in session in October 2001 has adopted a resolution that materials will no longer be sent to prison inmates. The only exception to this being where prison congregations are affiliated with The Congregations of Israel (California). The Congregations of Israel has reduced the printing quantities of publications to reflect the distribution of "photo-masters" to affiliated members and ministries. In the past, when new publications were made available, we would receive from prisoners requests which more than totaled the available inventories. Further we received requests for copies to be sent to cell-mates, and to family and friends, and a press-run of 1,000 copies was instantly depleted. This notice is being printed in all of the newsletters of our members who mail to prisons. This applies to prisons only!
The Virginia Christian Israelites has FROZEN their Prison Ministry mailing list, and will n£t add any additional names for the foreseeable future. Our Prison Mailing List is now slightly over 700 names, far exceeding our budget for this item. All funding for this must come from "outside sources." We are not strictly a prison ministry, and have other programs that require funding We have been criticized for "freezing" the list by some inmates who fed that it is our responsibility to provide materials for inmates. Of course, they do not have to pay the printer and the post office for producing and mailing the newsletter. We do thank those few who provide stamps and gifts as they are able.
The Advisory Board of this ministry has recently discussed tins program and with few exceptions has deemed it a failure. Of the 400+ inmates who have been released over the past 15 years of this program, we have heard from only twelve after their rdease. And as far as contributing to the ongoing efforts, in the same 15-year period we have received less than $200. We have to believe that, from these indications, there is probably little true interest. Those prisoners who are on the mailing list will remain so. Don't blame this ministry! Blame those who have benefited and who have forgotten those prisoners left behind!
%>
I
NOT A NEW DOCTRiHv
By Bertrand L. Com pa ret
To many of you the idea that the Anglo-Saxon, and Scandinavian nations are the Israel of the Bible is startW!! because you have not heard it until recently. You wonder why you haven't heard this from the beginning, however deep students of the Bible have known this identification a long time.
During the centuries when other empires were dominant, general knowledge of the identity of Israel would have been premature. It would have aroused the jealousy and hatred of these other empires before we were strong enough to deal with them. Since we have come to national maturity, the knowledge has been available to those who cared enough to learn the truth.
There have been a number of books on the subject such as, "The Ten Lost Tribes;" by Rev. Dr. Joseph Wild, published in 1883 A.D. "The Fullness of Nations,” by Aldersmith of London, published in 1889. "Lost Israel Found,” by Edward Hine, published in England in the 1870's. There were also many brilliant books written by Professor Totten of Yale University, published in the 1880's and 1890's.
I want to tell you of a lecture given before the United States Congress in 1857 by Rev. F. E. Pitts, of Nashville, Tennessee, j In these lectures, he identified the United States as the land of re-gathered Israel, and the scene of much of the final war, the so-called battle of Armageddon, as pictured in Ezekiel 38 and 39. Since 1855, Rev. Pitts had been lecturing on this sub jeep across the nation, resulting in this invitation to speak befof Congress.
Rev. Pitts pointed out that the land of restored Israel was t be located between two seas, the east sea was to be its east si' while the great sea would be the west side, Ezekiel 47:18-2 This could not be Palestine because there is no sea marking it eastern border, not only do we have seas on the east and west,' but the great sea is on the west. Israel would also be in a land which has always been waste, (unused, uncultivated) never true 1 of Palestine, but true of our land until we settled and began to cultivate it, Ezekiel 38:8.
The land of Israel, to be attacked by Russia, was to be inhabited by a population gathered out of many people and brought forth out of the nations, Ezekiel 38:8. Isaiah 43:5-6 reads, "I will bring thy seed from the east and gather thee from the west; I will say to the north, Give up; and to the south. Keep not back: and bring My sons from far and My daughters from the ends of the earth” Also, immigrants of non-Israel people would furnish our labor forces. Isaiah 61:5,60:10 tells of
this. "Strangers shall stand and feed thy flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers The sons of strangers shall build up thy walls." These immigrants would be allowed to own and inherit land, Ezekiel 47:22-23, this is a picture of the United States, but never of Palestine. Ezekiel 38:11 describes the United States further. It was to be a land of unwalled villages; them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls and having neither bars nor gates. The prophet Ezekiel had never seen a city without walls and a barred gate, our cities here have never had walls or Today most of the Jewish towns in Palestine, have ■ barbed wire and explosive mines around them.
This land of Israel, in the last days, was to be one, whk£|J greatly expanded in size. Isaiah 49:18-20 tells us, "Lift
(Contittued on
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 3 / December 2001: Volume 12, Number 12
Xf)T 4 NEW DOCTRINE: (Continuedfrom Page 2) eyes roumi about and behold: all these gather themselves together and come to thee. For thy waste and desolate places and the land o f thy destruction, shall even now be too narrow b\ reason of the inhabitants; and they that swallowed thee up shall be far onwry. The children which thou shalt have, after thou last lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, The place k is too narrou for me: give place to me that 1 may dwell." We Wk were outgrowing the old Palestinian land, even in Isaiah's day.
I In the day to which he looked forward, we should be in another W land and they that swallowed us up shall be far away. We would be far away from the Assyrian empire, which swallowed us up in Isaiah's day. After we had lost our old land, the children we should have after that should say of the land, "It is too narrow for us: give us more room, as a place to dwell." In Rev. Pitts time, we had already expanded from our original 13 colonies. We had added Texas and the great Mississippi valley area of the Louisiana Purchase. We had annexed the great southwest area from Mexico and we had gained California and the Pacific Coast. Nothing like this could be said of Palestine, either in 1857 or now.
Rev. Pitts saw that the Bible said we would be in a land remarkable for the number of its majestic rivers. Isaiah 33:21 tells us, wThere the glorious Yahweh will be unto us a place of broad rivers and streams, wherein shall be no galley with oars." Even the Jordan River is but a tiny river and nothing else in Palestine is more than a rivulet. But here there are thousands of miles of great, majestic rivers. The Hebrew word translated galley actually means a government revenue clipper, sent out by a superior kingdom to collect tariffs and taxes from a tributary people. There would be none of these here, our Boston tea party made sure of that!
A peaceful people and all of one language would occupy our home in these days. Rev. Pitts quotes Isaiah 33:19, "Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of deeper speech than thou const perceive; of a stammering tongue that thou const not understand." Even though we received great numbers of immigrants from Germany, Italy, France as well as Scandinavia and the British Empire, one language prevailed over all the country. The Bible prophesied that in our beginning, we should be a nation of 13 colonies. Ezekiel 47:13 says, "Ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions." Starting with twelve tribes, but giving one of than two portions, makes 13 portions into which the land would be divided.
Rev. Pitts also noted that the Bible pointed out that in these latter days we, the people of Israel, would be a republic. We will choose for ourselves a president for Hosea 1:11 says, "Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head" We should not be like the monarchies of Europe, where the hereditary noble class intermarried, and by marriage princes, dukes and barons could govern other lands than their own.
Here, only from among our own people should the governors, senators and congressmen be chosen. Jeremiah 30:21 points out, "Their nobles shall be of themselves, and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them." Isaiah 1:26 says, "I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counselors as at the beginning." When her judges governed Israel, she had no king but Yahweh. So Yahweh promised to restore this condition and we find this to be true.
Besides this and other prophecies identifying the United
States as the peaceful people who suffer the attack in Ezekiel 38 and 39, Rev. Pitts also pointed out that the wicked attacker could not be anyone but Russia. Ezekiel says this is, "Gog, the chief prince of Meshek and Tubal." The ruler of Moscow, the capital of western or European Russia and Tobolsk, the capital of eastern or Siberian Russia. Old maps, over many centuries, have identified what is now Russia as being the lands of Gog, Meshek and Tubal. The prophecies also point out that this giant nation will have allies or satellites taking in much of Europe, nearly all of Asia and much of Africa, as Rev. Pitts stated. Not bad for over 130 years ago.
Rev. Pitts also saw that while Russia would invade Palestine as a minor part of her attack, her major effort would be in the invasion of the United States. The attack would reach its climax, and its catastrophic failure, in the Mississippi valley, which Ezekiel calls, "The valley of the passengers, on the east of the sea." There is nothing in Palestine, which could correspond to this. However, the Mississippi valley both answers the description and is also the logical place for the attack. This valley is the great industrial heartland of our nation; this is the very place, which Russia would naturally seek to knock out of production.
If you have thought that the recognition of the Anglo-Saxon
nations, and especially the United States as being Yahweh's people Israel is just some sudden new idea, you are mistaken. The proof has been there in the Bible all the time. Of course, even 200 years ago it would have been very hard to see, for we had not yet grown into the condition the prophets described. As you see, good Bible students could see this truth over a century ago. Once again this proves that Yahweh's word is always true.
NEW PUBLICATIONS FROM THE CONGREGA TIONS OF ISRAEL
The Congregations of Israel has recently published five new booklets, all in 5-l/2"x8-l/2" format: (1) Humanism in the Modern Church, A. Kennedy; (2) Was Christ Jesus A Jew?, W. Martin; (3) The Missing Years in the Life of Jesus the Christ, B. Comparet; (4) The Watchman, B. Comparet; (5) When Was The Garden of Eden?, A. Kennedy.
A major scriptural discussion paper entitled. Is Israel A Servant People "To Save The World"? in 8-l/2"xl 1" format, and authored by Mr. Arnold Kennedy, Scriptural Researcher, of New Zealand, is currently in production and should be available within a few weeks.
To obtain any of these publications, write to The Congregations of Israel. P. O. Box 94. Round Hill Virginia 20142 USA. PLEASE NOTE: These are not available to be sent to prisoners. - Please see information on Page 2
Photo-masters suitable for offset printing and/or copying are available at no cost to affiliate members and ministries of The Congregations of Israel. These photo-masters will allow space for the inclusion of the name and address of the specific local ministry to be included. In such manner, local distribution of these materials will result in replies and further inquiry to the local ministries.
In these times of fast moving developments in the world\ forget the biased and slanted media... think for yourself ...and look up!
The	VirginiaChristian Israelite / Page 4 / December 2001 Volume l niumbtt ,
£

Damaged By Diversity
By Linda Bowles
w
Our national borders are the front lines of Americas war against terrorism It should come as no surprise to anyone that our borders are being overrun They are open doors to the easy entn - legal and illegal - of those who would do us harm.
The facts are beyond refutation. At this moment, there are more than 31 million people living in the United States who were bom in a foreign country. This is an increase of 11.3 million, or 57 percent, since 1990.
At this moment, between nine million and 10 million immigrants are illegally living in the United States. The illegal population in America has increased by an average of 500,000 per year for the last 10 years. None of them were checked for criminal records, diseases, ability to support themselves or connections with terrorist groups.
Surely it must be clear, even to those who consider it an act of bigotry to restrict any kind of immigration, that if a poor Mexican laborer can successfully sneak into the country, so can terrorists whose primary purpose is to kill as many Americans as possible. Some of those illegally in America came on student visas and never showed up for school. Others came on temporary visas of one sort or another, and stayed after their visas expired. We don’t know where they are or what they are doing There is no tracking system. There is no follow up.
In granting visas, we investigate backgrounds sloppily or not at all. We make no special effort to check out or bar entry to students or visitors from Iraq, Sudan, Iran, Libya, Syria, Cuba and North Korea - all of whom are on the State Department's list of countries that sponsor terrorist groups. They have no trouble entering our country.
Steven A. Camarota is director of research for the Center for Immigration Studies. In testimony prepared for the Senate Judiciary Committee, he said, "The current terrorist threat to the United States comes almost exclusively from individuals who arrive from abroad...America's borders are a major theater of operations.. the weapons of our enemies are not aircraft carriers or even commercial airliners, but rather the terrorists themselves.*
Dan Stein, executive director of the Federation for Immigration Reform, had this to say in a recent essay: "As we look around the United States, with the proliferation of ethnic communities where people remain culturally and ethnically separated from the American mainstream, it is apparent that the threads that hold this large and diverse country together are being threatened.”
Two-thirds of the population growth in the United States since 1990 can be attributed to mass, unskilled immigration. For decades, immigration policies have been tilted toward Third World countries. Over 70 percent of the immigrants arriving in America during the 1990's came from Mexico, Central America, South America, the Caribbean and East Asia.
It is projected, to the delight of many, that by 2050, there will be no majority race in America. In effect, the government of the United States is redefining America through its immigration policies It is doing so without once asking the American people what kind of a country they want America to be, in terms of culture, language, tradition or even allegiance In the minds of the ruling elite, diversity trumps unity as "our greatest strength
Despite all the slogans, diversity can be a fatal weakness.
Without unifying values and commitm that ethnic diversity and multi-cultSv and hatred, fragmenting

o
X
o
ii
ft-
H ** l/i
I
Jz
</>
v
oft
o
jC
Suspicion OJ1U iioucu, u og,i uci lung a
factions, tearing it apart at its ethnic and culturaU^6^?
The truth we need to face is this: America is^f	?
immigration glut. Parts of America are like Third*^ v countries. Hundreds of thousands of immigrants havj*^ interest in learning the language or adopting the culture of theVr new country. They have formed separate communities that function as avant-garde outposts of their countries of origin. They offer a ready-made home base for terrorists.
For decades, liberal elitists and globalists have effectively squelched debate by labeling as "racist or uncanng anyone who wished to talk honestly and realistically about the problem of immigration. For decades, the Democrat Party attempt to stem the flow of Third World immigran s America's slums and ghettos, knowing they would all vo e straight Democrat ticket. For decades, various businesses ave welcomed and exploited cheap immigrant labor.
We need a totally new immigration policy, one w reflects the philosophy of Theodore Roosevelt: "There is no room in this country for hyphenated Americanism. ...The one absolutely certain way of bringing this nation to ruin, of preventing all possibility of its continuing to be a nation at all, would be to permit it to become a tangle of squabbling nationalities."
What's to be Done?
The number of illegal aliens in this American nation now is estimated at a minimum of sixteen million. And every year additional millions not only cross our northern and southern border, but enter through all of the major airports and shipping terminals in the nation.
It is a known and established fact that approximately 90% of the illegal narcotics entering this country comes across the southern border with Mexico, with only a very small percentage ever being discovered. Over the past years there has been an increase in the number of Mexican illegals, as well as those of Central American nations streaming across the border. I am sure that you have seen videos and photographs of those violating our immigration laws. Even more troubling in the aftermath of the September 11th disaster, is the number of middle-east Muslims coming across the southern border, some with large amounts of American dollars. Are these more terrorists funded by Islamic oil dollars?
The tourist visas handed out allow many to permanently extend their stay, or to claim "persecution" in the country they left, or to register for colleges on a student visa and then never show up at the school. Our "greedy" schools of higher learning just love to rake in the foreign revenues, and could care less about who these "students" are. 1 would ask, are there no universities in Europe? With all of the foreign oil revenues, could these people not establish their own universities?
And of course, there is no use in looking at Congress to solve the problem. They love to "talk" about the problem but never take any "action" to resolve the problem. Have they ever considered closing the borders and stopping all immigration?
We must put our dependence and hope on the Almighty and forget about the traditions and errors of man. We are assured in Isaiah 59:17-21 of the saving grace of Yahweh our God in this matter Even so, come quickly, LORD Jesus!
V
PSYCHOLOGY OF HABITS
STEPHEN CONTRADO, Th.M 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
A vouth who goes home and does his homework right after sfchool is said to have good study habits. When he is tested he will perform better because he is accustomed to study. But habits are not only associated with children. A worker who leaves his tools in disarray, we say has bad work habits. Many adults and youths have dirty habits that we would rather not consider. But others act in ways that serve as role models. So we speak of both good habits and bad.
What is a habit? The dictionary defines a habit as a continual, often involuntary or unconscious inclination to perform an action through repetition. The word habit is derived from the Latin word habitus meaning condition of the body or slate of feelings. A habit is implied in many proverbs. For example, Paul says, "Walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us" (Ephesians 5:2). He is saying, you don't need to think about it, just do it because it is the right thing to do.
Psychologists don't use the term habit as much as the term compulsion, - an irresistible impulse to act irrationally. Many believe a compulsion is caused by frightening ideas and desires that are unacceptable to a person and are not repressed, but later surface in a disguised form as a compulsion to satisfy a need or defend against anxiety. The compulsion may appear in all sorts of bizarre behavior.
The habit or compulsion is much like temptation and sin. The best solution to a problem is to confront it and resolve it with the Word of God. (Remember we get stronger every time we resist evil). Dependencies and habits grow and determine a person's character. A small habit may become a serious problem. We even speak of habit-forming substances (e.g., drugs, alcohol, tobacco, and coffee). A lazy individual may become a weakling or a thief. But a youth who exercises his body and mind may become an athlete or a competent leader. Habits have physical and moral consequences.
The Bible gives many illustrations and types of habits. And the Bible is far superior to secular psychology in its revelation of human nature. Let's look at a biblical stoiy with a type of a bad habit that causes someone to fail. God made Saul the first king of Israel and told him to destroy the Amalekites. But Saul spared the life of the Amalekite king Agag (1 Samuel 15:9). Here king Agag is a type of a bad habit or corrupt way in the life of someone. Saul spared what was hurtful to his soul, and for this God punished Saul. We should never let an Agag (habit) remain alive in our lives. The Amalekites (bad habits) will keep us from entering the promised land (Canaan being a type of the kingdom of God.)
Jesus demonstrates good habits for us. Luke, for example, says that when Christ was n Nazareth "his custom was that he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day" (Luke 4:16). Jesus' manner of life was to always observe the Word of God. He was a person of unselfish habits.
To study the effects of habits, consider all biblical passages that relate to BEHAVIOR, CHARACTER, CONDUCT, CUSTOM, MANNERS and RULE
"Ye have not ckoten me, but / have chosen you...(John 15:16) if you have been "chosen" and are one of those special "elected," you have a responsibility to hearken to the words of Jesus Christ.
How About the Separation of Church and
10 Billion Yearly to Israel
James P. Tucker Jr.
You read about Israel receiving S3.5 billion in foreign aid each year from the United States but there is much more-hidden in the budget.
American taxpayers give Israel at least $10 billion each year, nearly three times the publicly acknowledged $3.5 billion. The precise amount cannot be determined; the funds are hidden in different programs in different federal agencies.
Hidden subsidies "are frequently listed under innocuous budget titles" in a "budgetary sleight of hand," said a report by William D. Hartung of the World Policy Institute. Congress routinely approves about $3 billion in foreign aid to Israel.
Next year's Foreign Operations FY 2002 Appropriations legislation (H.R. 2506), which passed the House, 381-46, on July 24 and the Senate, 50 to 46, on Oct. 15, publicly details a portion of the economic and military assistance-called "grants"-slated to be given Israel.
In the section of the appropriations bill, titled "Foreign Military Financing," Congress provides:
. . . Not less than $2,040,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel, and not less than $1,300,000,000 shall be made available for grants only for Egypt: Provided further. That the funds appropriated by this paragraph for Israel shall be disbursed within 30 days of the enactment of this Act or by October 31, 2001, whichever is later: Provided further, That to the extent that the Government of Israel requests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel by this paragraph shall, as agreed by Israel and the United States, be available for advanced weapons systems, of which not less than $535,000,000 shall be available for the procurement in Israel of defense articles and defense services, including research and development...
The money is placed into bank accounts, which Israel can draw upon to purchase equipment. Meanwhile, bankers garner huge profits from interest on the "grant money" at the expense of U.S. taxpayers. However, another $2.5 billion "loan" is often made so Israel can purchase additional arms from American companies. This "loan" is quietly forgiven in an amendment to an obscure piece of legislation each year. "Forgiveness" legislation is a popular foreign policy weapon.
The other giveaways are carefully hidden from the public and many of the legislators who vote for the $15.6 billion foreign aid package and other legislation that transfers tax dollars to Israel. Many more billions are given away by selling "surplus" modem military technology at steep discounts. Some such "surpluses" are discounted by 85 percent of market value. A 1996 report by the Arms Sales Monitoring Project of the Federation of American Scientists found that the United States gave away or sold at a steep discount weaponry that cost taxpayers $8.7 billion.
So taxpayers paid twice: once for the forgone proceeds from the sale of still-useful weaponry to foreign nations and again for the cost of replacement items. Another conduit of American tax dollars to Israel is the "economic support funds" administered by the Agency for International Development It is funded by
(Continued on Page 6)
p § a j*
^ ^
^ ^
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PAGE 5 / December 2001: Volume 12, Number 12

7*« Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 6 / December 2001: Volume 12, Number 12
S10 BILLION YEARLY TO ISRAEL: (From Page 5) the "international affairs" budget. In fiscal year 1999, Israel received $1 billion from this source, which is typical. Next year Israel will receive $750 million.
HOW ABOUT AMERICA?
While this study investigated connections between J Kurds (essentially a nomadic people), no one has bothel investigate Jews and Anglo-Saxons for comparison
Study finds close genetic connection between Jews, Kurds
.Another means of secret funds for Israel was reported by David P Yohanna of Chicago in March, 1993. He wrote in the Chicago Tribune: "The true total aid to Israel in 1993 is as follows: on budget, $3 billion; off-budget, $1.2 billion; interest paid by U S. on above, $50 million; U.S. loan guarantees to Israel $2 billion, compound interest on previous grants (1951-1992), $5 billion.
Total 1993 grants, interest, loan guarantees and compound interest. $11.3 billion,” Yohanna wrote.
This accounting does not take into consideration Israeli bonds that are widely sold, not only to supporters but to unsuspecting taxpayers in every state. I have no detailed studies but it appears that 40 years ago most states outlawed state purchases of securities from outside the country. But apparently such laws were repealed or are being ignored in all 50 states, benefiting Israel by even more billions.
But much of the disguised funds for Israel come from "petty cash" operations that go undetected. For example, during fiscal year 1997, the Pentagon gave Israel $68 million worth of weaponry under something it calls the "excess defense articles program." Obviously, $10 billion a year, if spent at home instead of going to fuel Israel's war machine, could benefit Americans handsomely. Two examples:
o Only a fraction of the $10 billion could offset the $300 million in annual "savings" the administration wants to accomplish by reducing much-needed benefits given to disabled veterans and families of those killed in war by 10 percent.
o A modem transportation system, with fast, on-time trains, efficient airline service and unclogged highways could quickly emerge if funded by $10 billion a year.
Commentary by the Virginia Christian Israelites
There is a great concern in this nation by some organizations about the "separation of church and state." Why is it that the various Zionist organizations, the American Civil Liberties Union, the Christian Churches, and the political leaders (of both parties) do not speak out on this matter? All of the aforementioned entities do not hesitate to speak out on every other alleged violation of the "church and state" matter. Why is it that the Jews in the Israeli, who are not tolerant of the faith of others so sacrosanct? A Christian can be arrested in the Israeli for carrying a Bible and quoting Scripture. Is this what our political leaders refer to as a democracy? Does this really differ much from the recently castigated Islam religion where the penalty for proselytizing a Muslim is imprisonment or death?
Our foreign policies in the past decades have been so skewed that we have greatly contributed to our own current problems. We have played "favorites," and I dare say that almost all of the other nations in the world either hate us as a nation and a people, or at best have a strong dislike for us. Are we as a people in the same situation as Joseph of Arimathea (see: John 19:38) and Christ's disciples (see: John 20:19)? Why do we fear those who are condemned in Revelation 2:9 and 3:9? It's long past time to stand up and take a stand for Christ Jesus. That is if we want to be both called and considered as true disciples of Jesus Christ - As CHRISTIANS!
By Tamara Traubman
The people closest to the Jews from a genetic point of view may be the Kurds, according to results of a new study at the Hebrew University.
Scientists who participated in the research said the findings seem to indicate both peoples had common ancestors who lived in the northern half of the fertile crescent, where northern Iraq and Turkey are today. Some of them, it is assumed, wandered south in pre-historic times and settled on the eastern shores of the Mediterranean.
Professor Ariella Oppenheim and Dr. Marina Feirman, who carried out the research at the Hebrew University, said they were surprised to find a closer genetic connection between the Jews and the populations of the fertile crescent than between the Jews and their Arab neighbors. Oppenheim pointed out that previous research of DNA of Jews, including her own work, had revealed great genetic similarity between Jews and Arabs, particularly Palestinians from Israel and the territories. The present study, however, involved more detailed and thorough examinations than previous research. In addition, this was the first comparison of the DNA of Jews and Kurds.
Genetic similarity between peoples is measured by comparing the frequency of genetic mutations among them. This information makes it possible to reconstruct their paths of migration and to discover their unwritten history. The present study, however, reveals only part of the story, since it is based on mutations of the Y chromosome. Since this chromosome, which determines male gender, is passed only from father to son, it does not contain information about the mothers' contributions to the genetic reservoir under study.
The study's findings are published in the current issue of The American Journal of Human Genetics. The researchers used the DNA of 1,847 Jewish men of Ashkenazi, Sephardi and Kurdish descent; Muslims and Christians of Kurdish, Turkish and Armenian descent; various Arab populations; and Russians, Poles and residents of Belarus.
MEETING HELD IN PENNSYLVANIA
A worship service, bible-study, and organizational meeting was held on Sunday November 11th, north of Harrisburg, PA by The Congregations of Israel. The service and meeting were well attended and there is quite a bit of interest in the forming of a congregation in this area. Further, there will be an additional meeting scheduled for early 2002 in the Morgantown area of Pennsylvania where there is a high degree of interest.
The Congregations of Israel has a stated goal for the year 2002 to increase the number of local congregations serving our Israelite people. These congregations do not have to large, as we are told by our Saviour in Matthew 18:20, "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there I am in the midst of them." If anyone has an interest in the establishment of a local congregation, they are urged to contact the Congregations of Israel at P. O. Box 94, Round Hill, VA 20142 USA. Guidance and help will be provided. All that you need to bring is a dedication and commitment to our God and Saviour.
0
a
a
fi
21
s
ifl
I
J i
p » j
B s S
e
a
If?
5 1 f
r*«	Oiriition	frrae/ite	/	PACE 7 / December 2001: Volume 12,	Number	12
^ the Christian Religion that must take a back S W non-Christian religions. In addition to New York of several Maryland and Virginia counties who are ^Islamic religion during their observance of Ramadan, in a
10	a!i®w«i	in	New	York	City.	Obviously	the
>£«*•“ tius nation was called a "Chnstian turnon" are over! *
N«w York City OKs Prayer in School Ifem.....	“	FOR	MUSLIMS
York '’itv rw.kr *®*c!n bastion of political correctness, the New schools . k.« ,c ®c^°°l system, has quietly sanctioned prayer in during Ramad	^ou	re	a Muslim who wants to worship
I a.ulk radio exclusive, New York's WABC Radio has &inng reports for weeks on the school system's special program for Muslims. Late Wednesday, Schools Chancellor Harold Levy finally confirmed that the religious double standard indeed exists.
"Christian parents would probably love to have a place where their children could pray during school hours," WABC newsman George Weber said Thursday. "They don't... but the Muslim kids arc getting their very own prayer room in New
York City public schools."	#
"The New York City public school system is going to accommodate Muslim students, allowing them space for prayer during the five-week Muslim holy season of Ramadan, report Weber's partner, Babita Hariani "In a statement, though. Chancellor Levy adds the prayer 'cannot interfere with classes or infringe on other students,'" she explained That s1 not exactly what the chancellor's office told the New York Post wkch reported Thursday that Levy spokeswoman Margie Femberg told them Muslim students will be allowed to cut classes m order to pray and then reschedule them later. Tate note of .hewn®
-Levy" and Feinberg - they are obviously not Irish.
The Benediction of Israel
Numbers 6:22-27 "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying:
On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, saying
unto them.
The LORD bless thee and keep thee The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee:
The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.
And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel; and I will bless them."
These are the total lines of Numbers 6:22-27, although most preachers and churches that use this benediction omit the first diree lines, and most definitely never mention the last two lines, "And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel; and I will bless them." You see, this is too restrictive to "the children of Israel.n The modem church considers that the Israelites are tong gone and that the "church" has replaced the children of Israel Talk about identity theft - at the time of this scripture there was no church!
Order from Lawrence Blanchard do New Covenant Bible Church P. 0. Box 8593 Port Orchard, Washington 98366 Requested donation: $16.00 plus $1.60 p&h overseas add 30% for p&h Paperbound, 272pages quantity discounts for 10 or more copies available
Pastor Blanchard has done an excellent job in researching and writing on an issue few want to discuss. Most churches would rather silently avoid the situation, and surely don't ever want to face the question. After all, it is unacceptable, very uncomfortable and definitely threatening to the majority of Christendom today. And this is all because of one very simple and demanding question. Did All Races Come From Adam?
The text is divided into three major sections:
(1)	Section 1: The Age of the Earth; The Dilemma About
Cain; The Problem of the Flood
(2)	Section 2: The Universal Adam-1; The Universal Adam
-2; It Was a Miracle; The "Racism" Card
(3)	Section 3: Adam: The Father of One Race; The Race of
Adam; Conclusion and Implications
There are also eight appendixes, a bibliography and both a Scripture Reference Index Index and a Subject Index.
This book breaks through the silence to challenge the commonly assumed answer that all peoples came from Adam. Pastor Blanchard exposes the deficiency of these arguments holding them to the light of biblical, scientific, and historical facts. What has been so confidently defended and asserted as the truth by millions, is now challenged in this book. Blanchard does not stop there however. He manifestly proves not only that the biblical Adam was the father of one race, but shows just who that race is.
This issue is important because it has profound implications for our lives and our nation. It deeply afreets the interpretation of Scripture as to whom it is written and to whom it applies, it compels a reevaluation of the modem promotion and practice of "tolerance" and "diversity” in areas such as immigration and race mixing at every level. Further, it causes us to rethink accepted Christian practices such as racial integration in the church and the validity of foreign missions.
I would highly recommend this book for its material content. While many in the Christian Israelite belief are familiar and knowledgeable with the facts previously mentioned. Pastor Blanchard has tied all of the loose ends together and documented all of his assertions.
I am sure that you will find this text to be both interesting and enlightening and will provide you with vital information to fully explain and defend your beliefs to the Judeo-Christian clergy and to non-literate friends.
Reviewed bv Pastor Chuck Kuhler. Virginia Christian Israelites
Make sure that you check the expiration date on vour mailing label and notify ui prior to the date if you wish to continue
receiving this newsletter. A date of (12/2001) hidicates that this will be the last issue you receive.