the vmmmh ghmstian i
THE NEWSUCTTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Boj 109 • Round Hill, Virginia 20142
DECEMBER, 2000: Volume 11, Number 12
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
"FOR THE ELECT'S SAKE"
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
In the 24th chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, we read about conditions that will prevail upon the earth preceding the second advent of the Messiah. Of interest, is the fact that no specific timeline relative to duration is attached to the many calamities described, but we do know that it takes place over some period of time and it is not an instantaneous happening.
Our Saviour described these occurrences and conditions in answering the questioning of the disciples as to what would be the signs of His second coming (verse 3). Verses 4 through 21 describe many of the conditions that we currently see, and in fact which have prevailed for some years.
In Matthew 24:22, we read: "And except those days be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect’s sake those days shall be shortened "
We can find a parallel (a second witness) to the 24th chapter of Matthew in the 13th chapter of the Gospel of Mark, and specifically a verse which corresponds with the 22nd verse of Matthew in Mark 13:20, which reads: "And except that the LORD had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days."
In both of these verses, there is reference to the word "days," so we know that the time encompasses more than one day or some catastrophic immediate happening. It is something that is taking place over a period of time.
In both of these aforementioned verses, there is a reference to the days "being shortened." so that not all "flesh" would be destroyed "Flesh" is indicative, as found in numerous Scriptural references, of physical man What would cause "all flesh" to be destroyed, or in other words, what would cause all men to be destroyed (not saved)?
Ihere is another startling revelation to found in the two verses from the Gospels of Matthew and Mark. In Matthew 24 22, it states, "but for the elect's sake," and Mark goes even further is stating, "but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen." the days would be shortened Just who are the "elect" being referred to here Jn Isaiah 45:4 we read, "For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine elect, / have even called thee by thy nume...w
And further in Deuteronomy 7:6, we read, with reference to Israel, "For thou art an holy people unto Yahweh thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth." I will cite one further example with regard to the elect and chosen, from 1 Chronicles 16:13, "O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones." There are many more Scriptural passages which speak of the "elect" and the "chosen" as being Israel. You may wish to consult Strong's Exhaustive Concordance of the Bible for additional information.
We know that throughout the Scriptures Israel has been going after strange flesh, intermarrying with non-Israelites, and disregarding the will of Yahweh our Father. Solomon in 1 Kings 11 loved many strange women, and the 10th chapter of Ezra is replete with the strange wives and children taken in Babylon by the returning men of Judah. God has very specific mandates and instructions against miscegenation, which we tend to ignore in today's world as being racist and not politically correct. But is man correct or is the Word of God foremost?
Miscegenation is prohibited by God's Law. Yet today, we are encountering an epidemic of intermarrying. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, there were 1.26 million interracial couples (2.52 million individuals) in the United States in 1997. Further information indicates that the 1.26 million "couples" had an average of 3.4 children each. With immigration of non-Israelites running at such a high rate that large areas of the United States will be minority territory within a few years, can we look forward to the elimination of all races within a few decades to some polyglot rabble.
If the days are not shortened through Divine intervention, will the elect (Israel) people, the chosen of God, be destroyed through intermarrying with others? When you look at the increase of polluted or tainted Israelites through intermarriage, and their increasing mixed progeny in recent years, could this destruction of flesh be anything else? And yet, God's Word promises that for the "elects" sake, the days will be shortened You, my fellow Israelite are the elect You have been chosen by the Almighty, and while many may not realize it yet
(Continued on Page 2)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / December 2000: Volume
* L Nutrtb
FOR THE ELECTS SAKE (Continuedfrom Page 1) they are covered by the promises of God. A consideration however is the fact that many will be needlessly lost for their self ignorance. We must remember that there is to be a "remnant."
While some may think that the destruction of flesh will be caused by some disease or illness or by some catastrophic event, it is important to remember that this destruction of flesh is taking place over a period of time, and, that is is going to affect Israel (as well as others). Yahweh was so very concerned with the purity of His chosen people as witnessed by the racial purity of Noah (Genesis 6:9) and the effort of Abraham to find a suitable wife for Isaac from among his people. Consider also the rejection of Esau and the acceptance of Jacob (see Genesis 27 and 28).
Could this process of miscegenation which would destroy the Israelite gene pool be one of the critical items facing our people in this end-time period?
EDITORIAL COMMENT
The Virginia Christian Israelites and The Congregations of Israel will issue a combined Listing of Currently Available Publications, effective November 30, 2000. Included in this listing will be a status on every publication (i.e., being reprinted, limited stock, special order-being printed 2/01, etc.). Eventually all of the production of the publications will be transferred to the Congregations of Israel for distribution through members and member ministries. This newsletter, the Virginia Christian Israelite will continue to be published by the Virginia Christian Israelites.
The first series of Bible Study Lessons for Children has been published, consisting of twenty lessons, questions and answers and applicable maps. Copies of these will be available only from member ministries of The Congregations of Israel. The lessons have been produced in "master" format and will be distributed to members for local production of copies to meet their needs The Congregations of Israel is paying for the production of "master" copies with a limited budget, and feel that making these available to members for individual production eliminates costly inventories, expensive printing costs and high postage and shipping.
If you are an individual, a family bible study, a home or neighborhood church or a local ministry, actively working for the LORD and would like to affiliate with The Congregations of Israel, please write for information to. The Congregations of Israel, P O Box 94, Round Hill, VA 20141.
THE REAL Y2K
As December of 2000 draws to a close, we are about to enter the new millennium on January 1, 2001, without all of the hoopla and scare tactics aimed at selling mostly cheap and unnecessary junk at high prices.
A PRELIMINARY THANK YOU
We would like to take this opportunity at the close of this year to thank all who helped the efforts of this ministry in reachjng out to our people through all venues You will never know how much we appreciate your support, prayers, and encouragement May we take this opportunity to wish you a closer walk with our l ather in the forthcoming year
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
7.
8.

Testing Your Bible iw
What dreaming ruler gave Joseph h^v In which of Jesus' parables does a hna	s
Who did King Ahasuerus of Persia givev^ $ J'6 When Daniel was sealed in the lions’ denX placed his signet ring on the stone? ’ r g \ For what did the Israelites give up their rings ar^ ft other jewelry?
After the death of Haman, who received the Persian king's signet ring?
Who wore a camel's hair tunic?
What king of Israel is mentioned as wearing a crowr and a gold bracelet?
9.	What Egyptian official was given fine linen, the pharaoh's ring, and a gold chain for his neck?
10.	What people had such well-made clothes that years of wilderness wandering did not even wear out their shoes?
11.	Whose eye-catching cloak caused murderous envy in his brothers?
12.	The best-dressed man in Israel wore fine colored linen with embroidered bells and pomegranates, a linen breastplate with gold and precious stones, and a gold-studded hat. Who was he?
13.	What down-and-out man is mentioned as having worn a gold earring is his better days?
14.	Only one person is mentioned in the Bible as having worn gloves. Who?
15.	What warriors were so extravagant that even their camels wore necklaces?
16.	What people wore fine Egyptian linen and purple robes?
17.	What future king claimed that he had grabbed lions by the throat and beat them to death?
18.	Who tore a lion apart with his bare hands?
19.	Who saw locusts with lions teeth?
20.	What book speaks of the Lion of the tribe of Judah?
21.	What father and son did David say were stronger than lions?
22.	According to 1 Peter, what person is like a ravenous lion?
What brave soldier in David's army went into a pit on a snowy day and killed a lion?
Who had a throne with lion statues beside it?
What prophet foresaw a tike when a lion would eat straw instead of meat?
26.	Which of his sons did the dying Jacob compare to a vicious lion?
27.	What prophet had a vision of a creature that had, on one of its four sides, a lion's face?
28.	What devout young man was placed in a lions' den?
29.	According to Ecclesiastes, what is better than being a dead lion?
30.	Who saw a lionlike creature near the throne of God?
31 What book has a man asking his loved one to come
down from the place where the lions dwell?
32.	Who had a vision of a lion with eagle's wings ?
33.	What wealthy man had fourteen thousand
34 Who married the shepheid girl Zipporah?
(Please find the answers on
23.
24.
25.
Reflections on the Election
from Ihc Oracles at Delphi, Melbourne, and elsewhere
\t the time that this is being written on November 25, 2000, some two-and-a-half weeks after the most recent U S. election, we still do not have a president-elect, and, maybe the grace of the Almighty will move in accordance with His law to give us one more chance We are certain that most Christian Israelites have had a full and continuing exposure to all of the thousands of perspectives offered by the media feeding frenzy, and we only wish to point out certain issues mainly ignored by the establishment press.
The Democratic Party: It has become very obvious in the recent elections that the Democratic Party is the party of Jews and minorities. Here in Virginia, and elsewhere throughout the nation, there was great enthusiasm from the national ticket in the visitation and speaking at "black churches." We have not heard of a single instance of Gore or Lieberman (or the defeated Sen Robb in Virginia) speaking or preaching to any "white" or even "mostly white church" anywhere in the nation. We have also viewed on the media, the same conduct being accomplished at area Jewish congregations. Our allegations stand!
The ’’Race Card’’: In the debates, candidate Gore played the "race card" in bringing up the issue of the black man in Texas who was chained behind a truck and dragged to his death. Scripture very clearly condemns this type of action! The NAACP (a tax-exempt organization) also produced a video advertisement critical of Gov. Bush who is the governor of Texas, where the crime occurred. This advertisement was, in the eyes of the IRS regulations illegal, but, do you think that the IRS will take any action against the NAACP? The regulation is obviously only applied against "white" churches and organizations.
Patrick Buchanan: We have had great support for the pro-American and nationalistic ideas previously expressed by Pat Buchanan, but, neither he nor his ideas ever managed to get out of the gate and into the race this year. We know that many conservative Christians blame the media and the establishment. But is this true? Mr. Buchanan is a highly intelligent individual. Why then did he select an unknown black woman, a retired Los Angeles school teacher, for a running mate? He had to know that this would hurt his chances with his electoral base. It does appear to us that Buchanan's role was to destroy the Reform Party, and he was hugely successful in this endeavor.
Hillary Clinton: Only in New York! We guess that most New Yorkers have never read the book, Unlimited Access by retired FBI agent Gary Aldrich, nor any of the many other books detailing the Clinton's (plural) many episodes in Arkansas and Washington. We realize that Congressman Vic Lazio running against Mrs. Clinton concentrated on attacking her as a carpetbagger and a non-New Yorker, while neglecting his goals and his proposed programs for New Yorkers. And, further, both Lazio and Hillary strenuously vied for who could best support the ungodly in the Israeli. We think that Mrs. Clinton will show her true colors in the next few years - but remember that being the junior Senator from New York is merely a stepping stone to her ultimate goal of becoming the first woman president of this United States Hillary appealed to minorities, Jews and fixed label Democrats, and they stupidly supported her ambitions.
The Moridn Vote: In the 1996 presidential election in one of the three east coast counties at the center of the dispute, there were a total of 15,000-f ballots not voted because of ballot irregularities, but nothing was made of this at that time because the Clinton-Dole vote was not close. This time, there were a total of 19,000+ ballots that were invalidated As the county election commissioners knew that there was an assumed problem with the style of ballot, some four years ago, wouldn't you think they would have corrected the presumed problem*? It has been alleged that some of the elderly (most of whom voted for Bush) did not have the strength to punch out the indicated "chad," and yet the other contests on the ballot were punched completely through. So, it became a contest of interpretation of "dimpled chads," "pimpled chads," "pregnant chads," etc. And, as shown on one program of the Fox News Network, where did all of those little punches come from that were seen on the floor? It all comes down to the fact that if you aren't intelligent enough to check your voted ballot, then you probably shouldn't be voting in the first place. And why was it that convicted felons had voted in violation of law? We do not place the blame on Florida alone...the same situations probably happened elsewhere in the country.
A Suggestion for the Florida Tourist Commission:
"Come to Florida where your vote counts, and counts, and counts, and counts..."
Why is it so important for Gore-Lieberman to Win this election?: There has been talk "inside the Washington beltway," of serious corruption within various departments and agencies of the federal government. A major private sector accounting firm under contract to the General Accounting Office has been unable to audit the US. Dept, of Education because the records are so grossly in error, and it appears that there is about $200 million missing. Additionally, the U.S. Dept, of Transportation is currently missing $80 million, and H.U.D. (Housing and Urban Development) has misplaced several "billions" of taxpayer revenues. And it is rumored that similar conditions exist in other federal agencies. These allegations appear to be festering just under the surface, and the only media to mention these issues was the program on satellite television, "The O'Reilly Factor," on the Fox News channel. We don't know what will come of these accusations, but surely corruption, theft and gross incompetence is not a desirable trait for public servants.
Our Summary: As we view this past election, we see many instances of procedures and candidates which conflict with what the Word of God instructs us. It surely was not a situation were any of the candidates were outstanding. Perhaps it was a matter of voting for the best of the worst. Surely, much of the rhetoric was neither truthful or factual of what the candidates believed. We do know however that supporting an anti-Christ orthodox Jew is in direct conflict with the words of our Saviour. On the other hand, only George Bush publicly affirmed a belief in and commitment to Jesus Christ. A1 Gore managed to cover all religions and even non-believers in his public statements. We do acknowledge that as a people and a nation we are under the judgment of the Almighty for our disobedience and lawless behavior. We will know very soon if Yahweh is going to give us one last chance to repent and turn to Him, or if His patience with us has been exhausted
Tfc#	<	hrltttan	/	raqt	4	/	Dfmhtr	2000	Vnlu~.	.	.
”,,rn* 111 Mumt
Ignore the Media . . . think for
yoursetfl
Osr* the ps« denude*. the media. including print, broadcast, • 'Hi tr ecnw has assumed the role of informing Americans what the> need to know, and what thev don't need to know In addition. the*? reporting is so skewed and biased, and indeed many m error, that there is both little fact and truth, to be from such diatribe and rhetoric An example of this was recent announcements on election night of who had won the First it was declared for Gore, then for Bush, then admitted that they didn't know The Voter News iVN'S) is nothing more than an extension of the media - ABC. CBS, NBC, CNN, Fox, the AP, * in recent memory has an "insider" spoke both honestiv in public view. In 1953, John Swinton, Chief of Staff at the New York Times, asked to give the prestigious New York Press Club made this truth-

~There is no such thing, at this date of the world's history , as an independent press. You know it and I kno* it. There is not one of you who dares to write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that tt would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest <pinions to appear in one issue of my paper, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth; to lie outright; to pervert; to vilify; to fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell the country for his daily bread. You know it and I know it and what folly is this toasting an independent press. We are the tools and vassals of i he rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance.. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of men We are intellectual prostitutes."
Tras statement was made some 47 years ago by an individual considered by most to be Mthe dean of his profession.M It had shock value in 1953, but this shock has worn off over the ensuing years and most within the media prefer to allow the cjuute U> disappear into oblivion so as not to caste any doubts or stigma on their "profession * The next time you read, hear, or see one of these "talking heads" relating the “news" consider that they a/e nothing more than "professional readers" of a predetermined script
The "news* for the most pari lias become nothing more than with bias and half-truths at best When you which conflicts with your own beliefs, ideas, do not consider yourself Ui ciioi, but search tor
pru and controls
Answers Prayer .. Are You Listening?
7
IS R A1 1 RED1
Margery Dowll
(*od i* I sends fryiAruta.
IyJe*nU Christ Her
They K)e\u C(yvmnnt iSr Hi
'By vuntcr cmd/ the/ w< f rowc hmverc hey occvne/1 To- lye/Hty Holy Bride/,
And withy Hiy ovirc blood/H*
And for hen life/He died.
Elect from every nation/
Yet one/ ccLL cfen the/ earth,
I secret's charter of salvation/
One/ Lord/, one faith/, cmehirth. One/ burly nacme1yrael/ blesses
Partakey one/ holy food/,
A nd/ to one/ hope/ Israetpressey With every grccce endued.
Though with/ co scornful/ wonder M ere see/ her sore/ oppressed/.
By schtsvny rent asunder
By herehe* distressed, ^
Yets<hnty their watch/are/heepOn# Their cry goeyup ,rhow Ion#'?
A rut soon the/ night of weeping/ Shall/ he/ Israel) y morn/ of son#.
M id/ toil/ and/ tribulation/
And tumult of her wary, Israetwaltythe/consurvvmatiOYv Ofpeaee/for evermore/.
Yet with/ the/ vision/ gloriouy
Israel) y lorugin# eyey are blessed A nd/ that great nation/ victorious Shall/ he/ the/ nation/ at rest.
Yet Israelites' on/ earth/ hath/ union With Qod/ the/ three/ irv one.
And mystic/ sweet communion With those whose/ rest iy won O happy ones and holy
Lord give us grace that we,
Like them/ the meek and lowly On/ hegh may dwell with thee .
From "The Ensign Message: Volume 2. Number 1 London England
• ffa truth th* bfc no cvmtth ana* ihti father, but by nu ' (John 14:6)
'¥
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5 / December 2000: Volume 11, Number 12
What Is "Life" Without God?	On	Anointing
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
There are an increasing number of people today who totally reject any belief in an omnipotent. Everlasting Creator whom we consider as our God. There are many more who may make a rather cursory acknowledgment that "a Creator" exists, but who have little or no knowledge of Yahweh our God, and who could be considered as non-literate with the requirements that the Father makes of us. And I use the term non-literate as contrasted to illiterate. The limited beliefs of these people are not subject to any stimulation to grow in the word of God.
I recommend that those who are stagnant in their understanding of God to do three things. First, take a simple leaf from a tree and look at it under a high-powered magnification device and observe how the veins in the leaf carry all the needs of the huge tree. Second, look at the complexities of the human body and how all of the organs, tissue, bone, blood and other bodily parts function to allow the body to grow, and the human to live. I am not talking about a cursory inspection, but rather a detailed study of the cohesiveness and importance of the whole. Thirdly, I would recommend that an individual, on a quiet and dark night sit still and lean back and consider all of the specks of light visible in the heavens and do some self-meditation on the nature of the universe, the bounds of which are yet infinite and unknown to mortal man. The billions of specks of light which may be reflected light from planets, or lights generated by distant stars. And if you use even a rudimentary magnification device, you will learn that some of those little specks are indeed distant galaxies containing millions of individual heavenly bodies. Carefully, with an open mind, consider the vast nature of what you are viewing.
And then tell me that we as humans are descended from cell mutations out of some primeval slime who have evolved over thousands or even millions of years. And, if you insist on this concept, may I ask where the cells and slime originated?
If there is NO GOD, we as humans have a few short years, literally a millisecond on the time-line of life. We may spend several decades on the earth, and then we die and the body returns to the dust where it originated, to be forever lost, if there is no God and no future hope.
A hundred years from now, do you think anyone will remember you? The only exception might be if you achieved some famous, or infamous, status. And I dare say that such an accomplishment is improbable. We remember "Attila the Hun," but without much credit.
Without the very existence (and recognition) of God, you have a set number of years on this earth, be it what it may, and then you are gone forever. There is no future and no hope, and you may never know when your time has come.
May I urge you to study the Word of God to ascertain and learn just what your responsibilities to our heavenly Father are in this life The "Blessed Assurance" of a life to come, an everlasting life is something that must be earned through obedience to, and knowledge of, His Word.
IT'S A CHILb . . . NOT A CHOICE! Choice ends at the moment of conception1
STEPHEN CONTRADO 12 Park Avenue, Hull, MA 02045
There is much to learn about Yahweh through Scriptural accounts of anointing, perfume, and incense. The Psalmist observed, "Al thy garments smell of myrrh, aloes, and cassia" (Psalm 45:8).
When the wise men from the east saw the young child, Jesus with Mary his mother, they fell down and worshipped him, presenting him with gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh, (see: Matthew 2:11) Myrrh, a perfume, was made from the fragrant gums and resins of various trees and shrubs (e.g., rockrose, laudanum). And frankincense was an expensive gum resin imported into Palestine from Arabia.
The kings of Israel were invested with regal power by anointing rather than coronation. [Anointing remains an essential part of the English coronation ritual in direct relation to Scripture ] Thus, in a symbolic way the frankincense was a recognition of Jesus being the Messiah [Greek = Christos]. We also see how God provides. These gifts may have helped pay for the holy family's escape into Egypt. In Acts 10:38, Jesus is described as being anointed with the Holy Ghost and with power.
There were various uses of anointing. Jacob's pillar at Bethel was anointed as a sign of its dedication to God (Genesis 28:18). Christ recommended anointing before fasting (matthew 6:17). The soothing qualities of oil also made it a part of medical practice (Luke 10:34). The anointing of corpses (Mark 16:1) was a last gesture of affection for the dead and part of the ritual of burial. And the woman who washed and anointed Jesus' feet did it out of love, thankfulness, and joy to be in the LORD'S presence (Luke 7:37-38).
Yahweh told Moses, "The LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself above all people that are upon the earth" (Deuteronomy 7:5). David wrote, "Thou anointest my head with oil" (Psalm 23:5). And Paul said, "He which., hath anointed us is God" (2 Corinthians 1:21).
Anointing, perfume, and incense play an important role in worship. God warns us they are not to become empty rituals or done in the service of idols. Amos warns those who think God gave man the sense of smell for pleasure and cosmetic luxuries (Amos 6:6). Jeremiah denounced the evil use of incense (Jeremiah 6:20).
But, properly used, anointing, perfume, and incense are therapies for mind and body and service to God. For example, studies in hospital intensive care units have demonstrated that fragrant oils can improve mood, relieve stress, and facilitate recovery. Praise Yahweh our Creator!
It is paralyzing to think of the average American family going on from the rising of the sun to the retiring hour as if God had no existence. The sabbath is a day for extra sleep, sports contests, television, and newspapers in many volumes, etc. If American children are not taught about God in schools. And He is unnamed in our homes, what can we expect but at this very moment, the United States is declining into a non-Christian nation, and all of Israel is the worse off for this forgetfulness of our Divine Maker
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PAGI 6 / December 2000: Volume 11, Number 12
THE DRUIDS
Elijah bemoans the fate of the Prophets in 1 Kings 19:14, w hen he says "The children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and 1, even 1 only, am left; and they seek my life, to take
it away,”
*
But God answers in the eighteenth verse, "Yet 1 have left me seven thousand in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal"
Where were these seven thousand? They most certainly were not in the land of Israel at that time, or Elijah would have known it and he would not have said "I am only left."
An ancient Greek manuscript translated by C. S. Sonnini, and printed in English in 1801 A.D., tells of Saint Paul's visit to Britain Verse 13 reads: "And it came to pass that certain of the Druids came unto Paul privately, and showed by their rites and ceremonies that they were descended from the Hebrews which escaped from bondage in the land of Egypt, and the Apostle believed these things and he gave them the kiss of peace."
Mr Charles Hulbert, writing in 1825 A.D. Says: "So near is the resemblance between the Druidical religion of Britain and the Patriarchal religion of the Hebrews, that we hesitate not to pronounce their origin the same."
Cassell's History of England says: "The Druidical Rites and Ceremonies in Britain were almost identical with the Mosiac ritual."
"Crania Brittanica" records: "The unearthing of a cist or barrow at Stonehenge, in which were the remains of a Druid perfectly clad in his sacred garments, with a breastplate on his breast, the facsimile of that worn by the Hebrew High Priest."
The Ten Commandments of the Druids were almost identical with those given by God to Moses. The Druids worshipped a Trinity, one of whose names was "Yesu" so when the early Christians preached Jesus as God, they preached the most familiar name of its own Deity to Druidism, and in the ancient British tongue "Jesus" has never assumed its Greek, Latin or Hebrew form, but remains the pure Druidic "Yesu."
So it seems apparent that the Druids were Levites and that they too must have arrived in the British Isles before the Israel Nation was established in Palestine. Possibly the "7,000" whom God said had not bowed their knee to Baal were those Druids in the "Appointed Place," the Isles of the Sea, North and West of Palestine
the Judah family. In this way the two lines of Judah were and the "Breach" healed which had been creates at the birtl the twins; and the sceptre has yet not departed from Judah So, up to the present, we find in the British Isles, before and after the breaking up of the Israel and Judah kingdoms in Palestine, many of the descendants of Shelah-Judah, and Zarah-Judah; as well as a goodly number of the Tribe of Dan, in Ireland. In Britain we have the Druids of the Tribe of Levi, and the Trojans who came there under King Brit, and became known as Britons, of the Zarah-Judah line. And with the transplanting of the Davidic Throne and Tea Tephi to Ireland, we see the first "overturning" of the Throne. It was later "overturned" to Scotland, and again "overturned" to England. It will no more be overturned until He comes whose right it is.
(Ezekial 21:27)
From MAN THINKING, Mervyn T. Judge, The Association of The Covenant People, 7730 Edmonds Street, Burnaby, B.C., Canada
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE
(1) The Pharaoh, Genesis 41:42; (2) The parable of the prodigal son, (since the son was given a ring by his father upon returning home), Luke 15:22; (3) Haman, Esther 3:10-13; (4) The king, Daniel 6:17; (5) As a freewill offering for the tabernacle, Exodus 35:22; (6) Mordecai, Esther 8:2-13; (7) John the Baptist, Matthew 3:4; (8) Saul, 2 Samuel 1:10; (9) Joseph, Genesis 42:42; (10) The Israelites, Deuteronomy 29:5; (11) Joseph’s. Genesis 37:3; (12) The high priest, Exodus 28; (13) Job, 42:11; (14) Jacob, Genesis 27:16; (15) The Midianites, Judges 8:24-26; (16) The "princes of the sea" (Phoenicians), Ezekiai 26:16; (17) David, 1 Samuel 17:35; (18) Samson, Judges 14:6; (19) Joel, 1:6; (20) Revelation 5:5; (21) Saul and Jonathan, 2 Samuel 1:23; (22) Satan, 1 Peter 5:8; (23) Benaiah, 2 Samuel 23:20; (24) Solomon, 1 Kings 10:18-20; (25) Isaiah, 11:7; (26) Judah, Genesis 49:9; (27) Ezekial, 1:10; (28) Daniel, 6:16; (29) A live dog, Ecclesiastes 9:4; (30) John, Revelation 4:7; (31) The Song of Solomon, 4:8; (32) Daniel, 7:4; (33) Job, 42:12; (34) Moses, Exodus 2:16-17.
Congregations of Israel Prison Ministry Affiliates
The Congregations of Israel has approved for affiliation and membership two congregations of YHWH's Messianist Assembly, at the California State Prison in Solano, CA. Group leaders are Clark Allen Kimbrough and Charles Burke. The groups have both worship services and Bible-study meetings. In the future, we may expand affiliates further into prison ministry programs.
JEREMIAH
About 583 B.C. Jeremiah arrived in Ireland with the daughter of King Zedekiah who was, of course of the Pharez-Judah branch of the Tribe of Judah. Jeremiah, with the King's daughters (Jeremiah 43:6,7) were taken down to Egypt following the destruction of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon; and from Egypt, possibly on the "Ships of Dan" (compare Judges 5:17 with 2 Chronicles 9:21) they crossed the Mediterranean to the Iberian Peninsula where one of the King's daughters evidently married the King of the Land, who was, of course of the Zarah-Judah line. The other daughter, Tamar Tephi, or Tea Tephi, was undoubtedly the "Tender Twig" of Ezekial 17:22-24. She was married to the King of Ireland, named Eochaidh, and he too was of the Zarah-Judah branch of
Please Note our Distribution Policy
We are happy to send three-month trial subscriptions to anyone who requests this newsletter. After the three-month period, we must hear from you if you wish to continue to receive this newsletter. On the mailing label in the lower right-hand comer is a date which will then indicate the length of your mailings (02/2001 would indicate February of 2001). With the costs of printing and a new postage increase forthcoming, we must know if you wish to receive these materials. We place no charge on the word of God, but you will have to send a postcard least Prior to this system, we were sending materials to who had moved and left no forwarding address, who want the materials, and some who were no longer with a lot of effort to produce these monthly newsletters T1
raelite / PACE 7 / December 2000: Volume 11, Number 12
^EKEPORT: Race |N BRITAIN te Last Days of a White World
ANTHONY BROWNE,G«arrf;7m Unlimited
We are near a global watershed - a time when white people wi I not be in the majority in the developed nations, _____an^ t^lat includes Britain and the entire world_
It was news, and no news; the most significant milestone in one of the most profound changes to affect the United States in the past century, and yet a non-event. Last week the US Census Bureau issued figures showing that non-hispanic whites made up 49.8 percent of the population of California.
Anglo-Saxon whites are already a minority in Hawaii and the District of Columbia. Now they are an ethnic minority in the country's most populous state, the one most usually identified with the "American dream." As recently as 1970, [some 30 years ago] eight out of ten Californians were white. Fueled by immigration at its highest rate since the start of the last century, and higher fertility rates, the Asian and Latino populations of California have risen by almost a third since 1990. At the same time, with limited immigration and low birth rates, the population of non-hispanic whites has fallen by three percent. By the year 2040, hispanics are expected to be the overall majority in the state.
Where California goes, the rest of America is predicted to follow. At present, 72 percent of the US population is non-hispanic whites; the US Census Bureau predicts that they will become a minority between the years 2055 and 2060.
The shifting sands of the United States reflect wider - and highly controversial - changes elsewhere in the world. It is an area in which few demographers dare to tread for fear of being accused of racism. "You ccmnot quote me - a word out of place and I get dumped on from a very great height," said one academic. "Whatever you say you are deemed racist."
This past millennium was more than anything the era of the whites. Just 500 years ago, few had ventured outside their European homeland. Then with several acts of genocide clearing the way, they settled in North America, South America, Australia, New Zealand and, to a lesser extent, southern Africa.
But now, around the world, whites are declining as a proportion of population. The United Nations collects and produces a vast array of statistics on population, but produces none relating to race or ethnic origin. Indeed few countries collect their own figures on ethnicity - in Europe, only the United Kingdom and the Netherlands do.
However, the UN's State of the World Population 1999 predicted that 98 percent of the growth in the world's population by 2025 will occur in lesser developed regions, principally Africa and Asia. I he most significant reason for this is lower birth rates in rich countries: in 61 countries, mainly the most
developed, people are no longer having enough babies to
replace themselves
In its World Population Profile 1998, the US Census Bureau *'	" J by the second decade of this century all the net
gci.'j hi world population will be in developing nations The tuie of human population growth has been determined, and is bcuig determined in the world's poorer nations', according to the US Census Bureau
The global center of gravity is changing. In 1900 Europe had a quarter of the world's population, and three times that of Africa; by 2050 Europe is predicted to have just 7 percent of the world population, and a third that of Africa. The aging and declining populations of predominantly white nations have prompted forecasts of - and calls for - more immigration from the young and growing populations of developing nations to make up the shortfall.
In Britain, the number of ethnic minority citizens has risen from a few tens of thousands in the 1950's to more than three million - or around 6 percent of the total population. While the number of whites is fairly static, higher fertility and net immigration means the number from ethnic minorities is growing by 2 to 3 percent a year.
One demographer, who didn't want to be named for fear of being called a racist, said: It's a matter of pure arithmetic that, if nothing else happens, non-Europeans will become a majority and whites a minority in the United Kingdom. That would probably be the first time an indigenous population has voluntarily become a minority in its historic homeland."
Lee Jasper, race relations advisor to the Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, predicted a similar future, telling The Observer: "Where America goes, Europe follows 30 years later. There is a potential for whites to become a minority in some European countries." In Britain, that is almost certain to happen in London, and in the relatively near future 9At the moment ethnic minorities are about 40 percent in London. The demographics show that white people in London will become a minority by 2010," said Jasper. "We could have a majority black Britain by the turn of the century."
o In the United Kingdom, the number of people from ethnic minorities has risen from a few tens of thousands in 1950 to more than 3 million at the present time.
o In Italy, the birth rate is so low that, without immigration, the population is predicted to decline by 16 million by 2050.
o The United States government predicts that non-hispanic whites will become a minority in the country by 2055.
o The United Nations predicts that 98 percent of world population growth until 2025 will be in developing nations.
o The population of Europe is expected to drop from 25 percent of the world total in 1900 to 7 percent in the next fifty years - a decline of 18 percent.
THE CONTROL OF YAHWEH-GOD IN THIS MESS A Commentary by The Virginia Christian Israelites According to the World Health Organization, in figures released in early November of this year, there are currently 36 million people infected with the AIDS virus, mostly in third world countries in Africa and Asia, and to a lesser extent in Central and South America. At the close of the calendar year 2000, there will have been 3.1 million deaths from AIDS dunng the current year, the preponderance once again in third world countries. Most revealing however of the nature of this epidemic will be the fact that 5.1 million people will get the AIDS virus and be added to the overall total As the population statistics and the death statistics are gathered by difteient bureaus in the United Nations, we are not aware if the main article on this page reflects the data on the AIDS situation as mentioned by the World Health Organization Surely Yahweh is in control
nnoz S 330
vVTc

2 A
0002 ‘Jaqujaoaa 3H02 B|U|Dj(A ll!H punoy ‘eoi *°9 30!MO isod
amaejsi ueiisuqo ciuiBiia »M1
The Blessings for Obedience to \fahweh our God
"And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice ofYahweh thy to observe and to do all Jiis commandments which 1 command thee this day. that Yahrveh thy	Elohim will set thee on high
above all nations of the earth:
And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of Yahweh thy Elohim." Deuteronomy 28:1-2