TH

!AC1H
M ISlAlLIf
■""I
ipm
vmWmm
THE NEWSLETTER OF THE VIRGINIA CHRISTIAN ISRAELITES P. O. Bom 109 ♦ Round Hill, Virginia 20142
Scottind
JANUARY 2004: Volume 15, Number 1 "Our 19th year of serving Yahweh our God"
"Moreover, I will appoint a place for my people, Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more, neither shall tiie children of wickedness afflict them anymore as beforetime." [2 Samuel 7:10]
AS WE GO FORWARD INTO THE YEAR 2004 A.D.
I said to the man who stood at the gate of the year;
"Give me a light that I may tread safely into the unknown."
He replied, "Go out into the darkness, and place your hand into the hand of God.
That shall be to you better than light and safer than a known way!"
CHUCK KUHLER, Pastor, Virginia Christian Israelites
There is always a great deal of speculation and conjecture as we enter into a new year. The pundits and experts can be divided into two categories - those who are optimistic and look forward to a bright future, and those who are pessimistic, seeing nothing but doom and gloom down the proverbial road. We think it important that our people should not be intimidated, influenced, or swayed by either of these perspectives. The words of a learned sage immediately under the title of this article present the best advice for embarking on this new year. Trust in Yahweh your God for guidance into the unknown absolute of life. No "man” can know or predict the future, but the Word of God provides us with all the answers to what the future holds.
Many, if not most, will listen to the predictions of men as being factually true, but to no avail. Most of those who are supposed to be God's messengers are totally clueless about what will soon transpire - the end of this age and the return of our Saviour, Christ Jesus. They imagine that their materialistic world will continue without change for the remainder of their days. But we know that there was a beginning, and we know that there is an end coining.
While J am not prone to making predictions and prophesying, I am of the belief that the next several years will be trying times In keeping with Scriptural prophesies. This world appears to continue Us decline into greuler evil and depredation.
As a people, and nations (plural), we appear to place little stock in the word of God, and in fact seldom, if ever, refer to it to ascertain and determine our way of life and the proper conduct for leading our life. As a consequence,
we see the decline of ethics, morality, and indeed our entire civilization. We see "good" considered as "evil,” and "evil" considered to be "good." We see our ancient forefathers and their laws relegated to obscurity and our more modem forefathers to be ignorant in their understandings.
Very, very few are looking for and considering the return of our Saviour, and that for the most part includes the member groups of churchianity, whose very existence is based on this faith.
As we enter into a new year and a new beginning, we prefer to be optimistic about the future, from an Christian Israelite perspective. We are not overly concerned about what men are predicting, as they are usually in error. We are however looking to "the seasons" as outlined in the Scriptures to determine what the future has in store. We are not to be discouraged when situations look grim and desperate. We have to put our faith first as a strength and tool. As our Saviour informs us in Luke 12:32, "Fear not little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom."
Some very eventful happenings (but surely in accordance with Scripture) will be taking place in the ensuing next few years. Many will be uncomprehending and surprised by circumstances, and will be confused by the events. All other religions will not have the true word of God to lead them, and much of the so-called Christian churches will not realize the significance of what is happening. Keep your faith. Read and study your Bible. Fear not, and when troubles may beset you, turn to your Bible and read the comforting words of Psalm 91.
5?
The	Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 2 / January 2004: ,s_	^
if
i*
GOSPEL HOLINESS
Stephen Contrado, Th.M.
Although justification and sanctification go hand in hand, don't confuse them* Accepting Jesus as Savior by die redemptive grace of God through faith and baptism give? the Christian a new life in the Spirit, The bom again Christian is awakened to faith he never knew, and a lifelong process of continuous conversion and regeneration takes place. The Christian must take up his cross and follow Christ. Regeneration is completed at the time” of the resurrection and culminates in glorification. No one in the flesh is ever free from temptation and the taint of sin, but the Christian may achieve relative perfection. Only when one falls away from the union with Christ our Savior can one sin (1 John 3:9).
Justification is the work of Jesus Christ alone. We cannot earn or initiate it. But sanctification is the work of man guided by and cooperating with the Holy Spirit. We need to be sanctified as much as we need to be justified. The author of Hebrews says that without holiness "no man shall see the Lord" (Hebrews 12:14).
Holiness is a call to discipleship. It is for every Christian, but many confuse it with dualistic asceticism Holiness calls us into the world to establish God’s kingdom, not to be spiritually detached (mysticism) or represent a false spiritual kingdom. Moreover the Christian should be characterized by brotherly love and good works as the sign of his salvation, not as the basis of his salvation.
Christians are never to be worldly or conformed to the world by church formalism and cheap and empty professions of faith, but they should be moved by the Holy Spirit. Despite Christian efforts, however, the Bible warns us that God’s kingdom cannot be established on earth by human engineering (e.g., humanism, social gospel, liberation theology, etc.), but only by the return of the Lord and his intervention. So Paul tells us to be separate (2 Corinthians 6:17-18).
We must never denigrate the life of holiness. The goal of justification (being saved by grace through faith in Jesus Christ) is holiness. The Reformers stressed holiness. Luther left the monastery. Calvin said our lives should manifest piety with God that wipes out the corruption of the flesh in God's elect. The Anabaptists believed in cross-bearing, mortification of the flesh, and separation from the world. But in our day many Christians don’t validate holiness. They believe they are still good people despite their erass materialism and fascination with Satanic culture. The modernists think of Christianity as a specialized field of knowledge, not as justification and holiness. Too many unregenerate scholars and ministers teach an outward walk based only on ethics without the cross and saving grace.	enied
Pietism, Puritanism, and Ev^gel.cal.^^accep«^
holiness a* the way to give gjf*y	tor every small
today who give themselves the credit tor every »
V
£
achievement or "blessedness” with "psychology
f* g o
g///
must bring the full Gospel into	.$	.§ ^
the world and be witnesses of Ch^X,0 ff jf world into submission to	>	*
repentance and obedience. Its slothfulness, and cowardliness.
opposites^ £ >
S a ei
c
3 O
^ 3 js p
Sanctification entails conflict and struggle. ^ & js a o
consequences of sin remain while we know the
mO JO
a
s
forgiven. We are redeemed from die curse of sin uni© § I the Law, and our hearts are sanctified. The Gospel fulfrw^ ^ the Law. But the Law is a mirror to show man his sins and a guide for Christian growth and development (1 John 5:3).
Spiritual maturity comes by dependence on God. We become models of God's love for us in Christ. Our holiness is grounded in a life of worship, good works, and prayer. The Apostle said, "Let us consider one another to provoke unto love and good works: not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching" (Hebrews 10:24-25).
We should view life and success God’s way. As the light and salt of the earth, Christians should illuminate and preserve the Word of God. We should forget the standards of the world and should consider the glorious rewards to come in God's kingdom. Lets observe the Beatitudes (Matthew 5:1-12).
A Commentary
As we enter 2004, we are observing the start of our 19“j year of serving Yahweh our God. For several years priori to file commencement of this newsletter, we published a newsletter entitled The Kingdom News Report. lt has only been in the past six years that we have published these newsletters on an every month basis.
The Congregations of Israel at a meeting in Leola, Pennsylvania in late November, 2003, elected to affiliate membership the Christian’s of the Covenant Elect's Fellowship, a Christian Israelite ministry located within the Michigan Dept of Corrections, and lead by Bro. J. Edward VToma. They publish a newsletter, "The Voice of the Promised" every two months, which is mostly aimed at incarcerated brethren.
For those Christian Israelites located in Virginia or in neighboring states which are not served by other congregations or ministries, you may contact the Virginia Chnsdan Israelites at P. O. Box 109, Round Hill, Virginia 20142 or in emergencies at [540] 338-6560.
The Congregations of Israel is hoping to have
as*»2°«»
people in other areas throughout the country.	J
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 3 / January 2004: Volume 15, Number I
c* 4? Sr m m *3	gp ff
n' gN	ySw
*# ^ # & P% '*> A A ^ _ i
w $ js *$

BRITAIN: Phoenicia's Secret Treasure
Its Conversion to Christianity and the Legendary Tin Mines of Cornwall
When Rome was still a tiny village on the Palatine Hill, Phoenician traders were sailing their ships the length and breadth of die Mediterranean and beyond in search of goods to be sold or traded for a handsome profit. There were great risks in making a long sea voyage and bringing home a valuable cargo, but the enormous profit that could be made from selling the goods made the risks worthwhile. The key was to trade a product that was unique, very desirable, hard to get, or desperately needed for other products that were common in the land of the people with whom you were trading. These products may be rare and desirable someplace else, and the trader now had something with which he could once again make a profit
Tin was just such a product in die ancient world. Tin was vital to the ancients because it was needed in the making of bronze. Bronze was an alloy, or a mixture of two or more metals. To make bronze, the metal smith mixed copper with the proper amount of tin. Copper tools and weapons by themselves were too soft and did not long remain sharp. Tin made the copper harder and also made the molten metal fill the mold more completely when it was cast into useful objects like axe heads, hammers, and jewelry. So many useful articles were made of bronze in ancient times that no civilization could thrive very long without a supply of it or the copper and tin needed to make it.
The deposits of tin in the ancient world were usually small and not very plentiful. The Phoenicians discovered die tin deposits of the British Isles through their own exploring and seeking out of new products and markets for them. They kept the knowledge of the Cornish tin mines a closely guarded secret so they could control trade in the metal and charge a high price for it. After the Punic wars, Carthage, the one remaining city of the Phoenicians, became less and less an important economic power. With their well - known efficiency and thoroughness, the Romans counted access to die British tin mines as one of the advantages of conquering the island. Julius Caesar knew of the importance of British tin when he invaded the island in 55 to 54 B.C. After the conquest of Britain during the reign of Claudius, the Romans were in control of most of the world's supply of the metal. Hence, the closely guarded treasure secret of Britain's tin passed hands from the Phoenicians to the Romans.
The fact that tin trade existed is too well attested to need proof. Herodotus as early as 445 BC speaks of the British Isles as the Tin Islands or Cassiterides. Pytheas (352*323 BC) mentions die tin trade, as does also Polybius (circa 160). Diodorus Siculus gives a detailed
description of the trade. He tells us that the tin was mined, beaten into squares, and carried to an island called Ictis, joined to the mainland at low tide, which is generally held to be Mount St. Michael in Cornwall, although some have identified it with Falmouth. Thence it was shipped to Morlais, and transported across France on pack horses to Marseilles. From Marseilles it was again shipped to Phoenicia. Innumerable ancient workings in Cornwall still attest the trade, and tin is still mined there today. Lord Avebury and Sir John Evans held die opinion that the trade existed as early as 1500 BC, and Sir Edward Creasy writes: "The British mines mainly suppled the glorious adornment of Solomon's Temple". This matter ties in very well with the involvement of Phoenician builders with construction of Solomon's Temple.
Travel Between the Eastern Mediterranean and
Britain
Before going into the controversial question of Glastonbury, Joseph of Arimathea and the stories or legends which surround it, one needs to stop at a few points to determine some basic givens. Glastonbury is traditionally the first Christian sanctuary in Great Britain, visited, so legend has it, by Joseph of Arimathea and Saints David & Patrick. It has a strong tradition in British history dating back to the time of King Arthur who is said to have been buried at the Abbey beside his lovely wife Queen Guinevere. His body was moved at a later date. Further, at Glastonbury Joseph of Arimathea is said to have planted the Holy Thom tree which is still growing there today. Also, a holy well is supposed to be still found there.
The strong tradition tying Joseph of Arimathea with Glastonbury and the Phoenician tin trade with Cornwall may have strong thread of truth that ties them together. The only known sailors who came from the Eastern Mediterranean to Britain were Phoenician. Hence, the elementary conclusion is that Joseph of Arimathea, if he really made the trip(s), must have done it on Phoenician ships.
If this hypothesis is accepted, further reading on the subject could be accommodated. However, some claims and details seem far fetched but are presented herewith for your consideration despite their implausibility.
Below, the account is presented as is even though the author does not necessarily agree with this presentation in its totality.However, for historical reference presents this some what irrefutable point of evidence:
Historians William of Malmesbury, Maelgwyn of Llandaff and Polydore Vergil all place Joseph of Arimathea at Glastonbury. Even the four Church councils of Pisa 1409, Constance 1417, Sienna 1424 and Basle 1434, mention that "the Churches of France and Spain must yield in points of antiquity and precedence to that of Britain as the latter Church was founded by Joseph of Arimathea immediately after the passion of Christ."
(Continued on Page 4}
Tilt Virginia Christian Israelite / Page 4 / January 2004: Volume t s, Numb* BRITAIN: Phoenicians Secttt (from V

Joseph of Anmathea* Tin Merchant
According to the Talmud, Joseph of Arimathea was said to have been an uncle of die Virgin Mary, being a younger brother of her father He gained his wealth as an importer in die tin trade, which existed between Cornwall and Phoenicia
Joseph along with St John buried Jesus after the crucifixion. Joseph, in die tin trade, made a lot of trips to Britain, where being a rich merchant made close contact with royalty; namely Kings Beli, Lud, Llyr and Arviragus, who gave Joseph and his companions some 2000 acres of land, tax free. Arviragus would become God's "Protectorate" for die Cradle of Christianity, Glastonbury. Caradoc, Pendragon of rBritam’, would become God's "Protectorate" of die fledgling British Church.
Joseph of Arimathea was a man of refinement, well educated, and one who possessed many talents, had extraordinary' political and business ability. He has been called one of the richest men in the world. He learned about that tin trade from the Phoenicians, which then was aldn in importance to that of steel today. They had been bringing ore from Britain for centuries. Joseph was well educated, a member of the ruling political body of die whole country. In St. Jerome's translation, Joseph's official title is given as 'Nobilis Decurio', a minister of mines for the Roman empire, with direct access to Pilate himself. He was no slouch. How better to protect Jesus, after Joseph the carpenter died, and insure the seeding and growth of the Gospel in Britain.
The basic story of Joseph's trip to Britain varies in some details from account to account. But the bare facts are that Joseph, with many disciples traveled from the holy land by Phoenician boat and landed at Marseilles (a Phoenician trading post), in the Vienoise province of die Gauls (France). From there he went on to Britain established seminaries and sent out missionaries. In his "Ecclesiastical Annals", Cardinal Baronius, Curator of the Vatican library, gives this account. "In that year the party mentioned was exposed to the sea in a vessel without sails or oars. The vessel drifted finally to Marseilles and they were saved. From Marseilles Joseph and his company passed into Britain and after preaching the Gospel there...9
How many of the disciples were with Joseph of Anmathea during his short stay in Gaul, before going on to Britain, is hard to say. Various existing records agree in part with the Cardinal Baronius record, naming among the occupants of the castaway boat Mary Magdalene, Martha, the hand-maiden Marcella, Lazarus whom Jesus raised from the dead, and Maximin the man whose sight Jesus restored. Other records state that Philip avid James accompanied Joseph. Others report that May, the wife of Cleopas, and Mary, the mother of Jesus, were also in the boat. Here's Cardinal Baronins' complete list of passengers:
Sr |
M
•|^|L 1 J ca !1*

Ml

3T
IS
I
•	St. Mary, wife of Cleopas
•	St. Martha
•	St. Lazarus
•	St. Eutropius
•	St. Salome
. St. Cleon
•	St. Satuminus
•	St. Mary Magdalene
•	Marcella, the Bethany sisters’maid
•	St. Maximin
•	St. Martial
•	St. Trophimus
. St. Sidonius (Restitutus)
•	St. Joseph of Arimathea
Philip was waiting for the travelers in France. There is testimony asserting his commission in Gaul, all of which alike state that he received and consecrated Joseph, preparatory to his embarkation and appointment as the Apostle to Britain.
Although there are some who would argue for France being first, most records agree that Britain, at Glastonbury was the Root of the Christian movement. One would expect that history would show that the missionary activities would flow out of the well-spring of Christianity. And well does history record this. The Gaulic records state that for centuries the Archbishops of Treves and Rheims were all Britons supplied by the mother church at Glastonbury-Avalon. St. Cadval, a famed British missionary, going out from Glastonbury, founded the church of Tarentum, Italy, A.D. 170 four hundred years before the time of St. Augustine and at least fourteen years after King Lucius Christianized all of Britain in A.D. 156!
Converts literally flooded into Glastonbury for conversion, baptism, instruction and missionary assignment. Philip sent, from Gaul alone, one hundred sixty disciples to assist Joseph and his team with the crowds. And it is surely known that helpers were sent from other places beside France.
One of the first to go out from Glastonbury was Mary and Martha's brother Lazarus. He headed straight back to Marseilles where he held the Bishopric for seven years. But that was only natural. France was a Family Thing for the Bethany household. Mary and Martha both lived out their lives, preaching and teaching in the south of France. "The Coming of The Saints," by Taylor is a good book on the subject.
Many famous names are recorded as having been associated with Glastonbury-Avalon:
•	Sidonis, Satuminus, and Cleon taught and supported other missionaries in Gaul, then returned to Britain.
•	Martial's parents, Marcollus and Elizabeth were there along with St Zacchaeus.
•	Pamiena, disciple of Joseph, was appointed the first Bishop of Avignon.
(Continued on Page 5)
The Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 5 / January 2004: Volume 14, Number 1
BpBEa Phoenicia’s Secret (from Page 4)
0^* Drennalus, helped Joseph found the church at Morlaix. He was then appointed to Treguier as it's first Bishop.
•	Beatus founded the church in Helvetia, after receiving his baptism and education at Avalon.
•	Beatus was baptised by St. Barnabas, the brother of Aristobulus, sent in advance by St. Paul to Britain. He is referred to in scripture as Joses, the Levite.
•	Mansuetus was consecrated the first Bishop of the Lotharingians A.D. 49, with his See at Toul. He also founded the church at Lorraine.
Historical note:
Mansuetus was a constant visitor to Rome after Claudia had married Pudens. He was a friend of Linus, the Bishop of Rome, and brother of Claudia After the death of St. Clement, Mansuetus became the third official Bishop of the British Church at Rome. Thus we have three disciples of Avalon, instructed by St Joseph, to become, in succession. Bishops of Rome.
Dtigius, in "De Patribus Apostolicis", quotes St. Peter as saying; "Concerning the Bishops who have been ordained in our lifetime, we make known to you that they are these. Of Antioch, Eudoius, ordained by me, Peter. Of the Church of Rome, Linus, son of Claudia, was first ordained by Paul, and after Linus's death, Clemens the second, ordained by me, Peter."
If all of this Is true, was Glastonbury The First Christian Church
Thanks to Phoenician Christians (more history on
Joseph)
In Lionel Smithett Lewis' St. Joseph of Arimathea at Glastonbury indicates "It is certain that Britain received the Faith in the first age from the first sowers of the Word. Of all the churches whose origin I have investigated in Britain, the church of Glastonbury is the most ancient.": wrote sir Henry Spelman in his Concilia, and again he wrote in the same work: "We have abundant evidence that this Britain of ours received the Faith, and that from the disciple of Christ Himself, soon after the Crucifixion of Christ."
Robot Parsons, the Jesuit, in his Three Conversions admits that : "The Christian religion began in Britain within fifty years of Christ's ascension." His coreligionist, the very learned Alford, in his Regia Fides says: "It is perfectly certain that, before St Paul had come to Rome, Aristobulus was absent in Britain." The discreet Fuller goes so far as to say: "If credit be given to these ancient authors, this Church without competition was senior to all Christian churches in the world." "Britain," wrote the erudite Polydore Vergil, "partly through Joseph of Arimathea, partly through Fugatus and Damian us, was of all kingdoms the first that received the Gospel." It is a matter of distinct interest that Cardinal Pole, twice over, when solemnly reconciling
Britain to the Pope and the Church of Rome, at the beginning of Queen Mary's reign, claimed that Britain was the first country to be converted to Christianity.
The Venerable Bede, writing about AD 740, says: "The Britons preserved the Faith which they had received under King Lucius uncorrupted, and continued in peace and tranquility until the time of the Emperor Diocletian."
It will be noticed that two distinct events are spoken of above: (1) The foundation of the Church in Britain by the Disciples of Christ. (2) The acceptance of Christianity by the British Nation under Good King Lucius about AD 170. Britain was the first of all nations to accept Christianity as its national religion. Few people realize that this is why the British King is called "our Most Religious King". Not many realize that the superior dignity and antiquity of our national Church has been decided by Church Councils. The Councils of Pisa in 1409, Constance in 1417, Sienna in 1424, and Basle in 1434. It was there contended that the Churches of France and Spain must yield in points of antiquity and precedence to that of Britain, as the latter Church was founded by Joseph of Arimathea immediately after the Passion of Christ.
Glldas the Wise, the earliest Christian historian (AD 425-512) distinctly says that the Light of Christ shone here in the last year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, that is AD 37. This falls in with the claim recorded above, which gave precedence to British Bishops at ftle Church Councils on the ground that Britain was converted "immediately after the Passion of Jesus Christ". It fits in also with the statements of Fuller and Polydore Virgil already recorded that the Church of Glastonbury was the Senior Church of the world; with Sir Henry Spelman's words that Britain received the Faith soon after the Crucifixion; with Alford's statement that Aristobulus was in Britain before St. Paul went to Rome; with the observance by the Greek Church of the martyrdom in Britain of Our Lord's disciple, St. Simon Zelotes, on May 10, AD 44 (a date supported by Cardinal Baronius; and with Hippolytus' (bom about AD 160) inclusion of that Apostle in his lists as "Bishop of the Britons". All these are testimony to the year AD 37 as marking the coming of the first Mission.
Joseph of Arimathea was the protector of that valorous little band of disciples during the perilous years following the crucifixion, the indefatigable head of the Christian underground in Judea, and the guardian of Christ's only earthly treasure,g His mother.
According to the Talmud, Joseph was the younger brother of the father of the Virgin Mary. He was her unde, and therefore a great uncle to Jesus. Chiefly from the secular reports we learn that Joseph was a married man and his son, Josephes. It Is quite obvious that the husband of the Blessed Virgin Mary died while Jesus was young. Under Jewish law such a circumstance
(Continued on Page 6)
•M IIJ
o t
2 5
IU
The vlr9ini» Christian Israelite/PACE 6/January 2004: Volume IS. Numb
er i
RRfTAIN;	Scott	(from P<*8e V
automatically appointed the next male kin of t e husband, in this case Joseph, legal guardian of the family. We know that Joseph never forsook his nephew. He stood by Him as a bold, fearless defender at the notorious trial, and defied the Sanhedrin by going to PilUf aid boldly claiming the body when all others feared to do so. It is commonly taught that Jesus was poor and of obscure relatives. His relationship with the affluent Joseph of Arimathea proves otherwise. In His own right He was a property owner but long before He took up His mission He forsook all material wealth.
Leading authorities identify Arimathea with Ramah, or Ramallah as it is called today. It was the birthplace of the prophet Samuel and is called in the Septuagint Anmathaim Josephus calls it Amartha. The identity seems dear. Now Ramah lay about eight miles due North of Jerusalem on the Jerusalem-Nazareth road. It was the first stopping place of caravans traveling North from Jerusalem. It would be the stopping place of the Holy family, both to and from the city.
Joseph is always spoken of as belonging to Arimathea, which implies that it was his existing place of residence. He was a wealthy man, and his duties as a chancellor would bring him frequently to Jerusalem, where he had also a town residence. He would certainly be in Jerusalem at the time of the feast, [of Passover] The whole story now becomes clear. As the uncle of the Virgin Mary he probably knew all about the wondrous story of Our Lord's birth. Year by rear, when Joseph and Mary attended the feast, he would enquire about the mysterious child. He would eagerly look forward to His first visit.
Searcct:
1 St Joseph of Arimathea at Glastonbury, by Lewis, from __________Artisan	Sales	_________________________________
>2 i 8
IU
3
a
in:
n
f
t
in
j
i
f
a*
e
•p
u
q
Testing Your Bible
1.	What dead man at Troas was ral^Vf HI
after falling out a window? **
2.	Who did Peter heal of a long-term pat% ^
3.	Where did Paul exorcise a spirit from aL
girl, whose owners then became furu^
4.	What woman did Paul raise from the dead?
5.	Where did Paul heal a crippled man?
6.	Who, with Peter, healed a crippled man at the
Beautiful Gate?
7.	What sorcerer was blinded at Paul's command?
8.	What, placed on Paul's body, brought about
healings and exorcisms?
9.	On what Island did Paul heal the governor's
family and many other people?
10.	What miraculous occurrence delivered Paul and
Silas from prison in Philippi?
11.	What happened when Peter and John placed
their hands on the believers at Samaria?
12.	What part of Peter was supposeds to produce
healings?
13.	What happened when Paul placed his hands on
the believers at Ephesus?
14.	What dangerous creature did not affect Paul when
it bit him?
15.	How many times was Peter delivered from
prison by an angel?
16.	Who made an axe head float on the water?
17.	Who walked on the Sea of Galilee?
18.	What did Moses do to heal the bitter waters of
Marah?
19.	Who was healed of leprosy after dipping seven
timea in the Jordan?
20.	What judge wrung out a bowlful of water from a
fleece in answer to prayer?
21.	What river was turned into blood?
22.	Who healed Jericho's water supply by throwing
salt into it?
2.	The Origin and Early History of Christianity in Britain, by Andrew Gray, from Artisan Saks
3.	Did the Apostle Paul Visit Britain?, by R.W. Morgan, from Dolores Press, Ic., 389 Church St, San Francisco, CA 94114
4	Did Our Lord Visit Britain, by Rev. C. C. Dobson; from Covenant People
5	The Drama of the Lost Disciples, by George F. Jowett; from Artisan Sales
Editorial Commentary Please check the date od your mailing label (if there is one present). If the date is 01/2094. this will be the last issue of this newsletter that you will receive. Our mailing system has been automated to read the datts/code on the label and we have to know that you wish to continue receiving this newsletter Tbis is especially applicable to those on our prison ministry list. We have received more than forty newsletters back in the past few months marked "no longer at this address" or "released." Please keep us informed of your status and if you are transferred or released, we would appreciate immediate notification.
23.	Who turned water into wine?
24.	Who died when the parted Red Sea became
unparted?
25.	When the Israelites in the wilderness complained
about lack of water, where did the water come from?
26.	How did God water the thirsty army of Israel?
27.	Who calmed the sea by speaking to it?
28.	Who parted the Jordan by striking it with his
mantle?
29.	What were the Israelite priests carrying when they
crossed the Jordan on dry ground?
30.	According to Jude's epistle, who disputed with
Satan over the body of Moses?
31.	What animal does 1 Peter compare Satan to?
32.	In what epistle does Peter refer to Satan as "the
God of this world?"
33.	What, according to the New Testament, is the
final place for Satan?
34.	What Is Satan tha father of?
[Please find the answers on Page 7)________
SF
>
\
JR
/b
The Virginia Christian Israelite/ PACE 7/January 2004: Volume 15, Number 1
5^WS" HAVE NO BLOOD-LINK TO THE ISRAELITES OF THE BIBLE
An Article Printed in "IT'S TIME** 1 October 20(13
Historians and scholars, including Jewish ones, have established that at least 90% of all Jews come from a Turidsh-Mongol mix of people and are largely sourced from the Khazar Kingdom. These Jews have no blood-link to the Israelites of the Bible.
The Jewish scholar Arthur Koesder provided overwhelming evidence for the above in his famous 1976 work, "THE THIRTEENTH TRIBE - THE KHAZAR EMPIRE AND ITS HERITAGE" showing that in the 8th century, Khazana, which was greatly made-up of the Turkrsh-Mongol mixed people known as Khazars, converted to their national religion of Judaism which is based on the Babylonian Talmud.
These same people then migrated to eastern Europe, especially to the areas of Hungary and Poland, taking their Babylonian religion with than. "The Khazar origin of the numerically and socially dominant element in the Jewish population of Hungary during die Middle Ages is thus relatively well documented." (Page 144)
"As already mentioned, the trade in fox and sable furs, which had been flourishing in Khazaria, became another virtual Jewish monopoly in Poland." (Page 157).
Benjamin Freedman, another Jewish researcher, wrote his famous treatise FACTS ARE FACTS in 1954. Freedman quotes from many historical sources and shows that die vast majority of Jews derive from the Turidsh-Mongol mixed people of die Khazar Kingdom of the 2nd to 10th centuries, NOT from Biblical Israelite stock.
The facts are so clear as to the non-Israelite, racially-mixed origin of the modem day Jews that die following appeared as a sub-heading to Freedman's book. "The historic FACTS revealed here for the first time provide incontestable evidence that their continued suppression will prove inimical to the security of the world, the welfare of humanity, and the progress of civilization."
Indeed, those words have proven to be prophetic as we witness the increasing terrorism and violence sparked by the continued blind U.S. unilateral aid to the Khazarian-Israelis.
Relatively recent genetic studies corroborate the historical facts that the Jews are of partly Turkish origin. An article out of the "Ha'Aretz" Jewish newspaper for November 22, 2001 was entitled, "Study finds close genetic connection between Jews, Kurds."
The article opened by saying, 'The people closest to the Jews from a genetic point of view may be the Kurds, according to results of a new study at the Hebrew University."
Scientists who participated in the research said findings seem to indicate both peoples had common
ancestors who lived in the northern half of the Fertile Crescent, where Northern Iraq and Turkey are today. Some of them, it is assumed, wandered south in prehistoric times and settled on the eastern shores of the Mediterranean."
The article goes on to state, "The study's findings are published in the current issue of The American Journal of Human Genetics. The researchers used the DNA of 1,847 jewish men of Ashkenazi, Sephardi and Kurdish descent; Muslims and Christians of Kurdish, Turkish and Armenian descent; various Arab populations; and Russians, Poles and residents of Belarus."
Additionally, it has been known for many years that a large proportion of Jews have oriental admixture in their ancestry. So Mongol infusion is also a probable part of their mixed heritage.
End of article from ’’IT’S TIME!”
Quote from Dr Alfred M. Lilienthal's "THE ZIONIST CONNECTION." "....this is being kept a dark secret because it tended to vitiate the principal prop of the Zionist claim to Israel: For all the anthropologists know. Hitler's ancestry might go back to one of the ten Lost Tribes of Israel; while Weizmann might be only a descendant of Khazar converts to Judaism who were in no anthropological respect related to Palestine. The home to which Weizmann, Silver, Ben-Gurion and so many other Ashkenazi Zionists have long yearned to return has most likely never been theirs. 'Here's a paradox, a paradox, a most ingenious paradox: in anthropological fact, many Christians may have more Hebrew-Israelite blood in their veins than most of their Jewish neighbors.'"
A COMMENTARY BY VCI If die Fundamentalist churches would realize just "who" they are really supporting, and just "who" true Israel is, many of the world's problems could be resolved.
ANSWERS TO TESTING YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE
(1) Eutychus, Acts 20:9-10; (2) Aeneas, Acts 9:33-34; (3) Philippi, Acts 16:16-18; (4) Dorcas, Acts 9:36-41; (5) Lystra, Acts 14:8-10; (6) John, Acts 3:1-6; (7) Elymas, Acts 13:8-11; (8) Aprons and handkerchiefs, Acts 19:11-12; (9) Malta, Acts 28:8-9; (10) An earthquake, Acts 16:25-33; (11) They received the Holy Spirit, Acts 8:14-17; (12) His shadow, Acts 5:15-16; (13) They spoke in tongues and proclaimed the gospel, Acts 19:1-7; (14) a viper, Acts 28:3-6; (15) Twice, Acts 5:17-29 & 12:1-7; (16) Elisha, 2 Kings 2:19-22; (17) Jesus and Peter, Matthew 14:25-31; (18) He cast a tree into the waters, Exodus 15:23-25; (19) Naaman the Syrian, 2 Kings 5:14; (20) Gideon, Judges 6:38; (21) The Nile, Exodus 7:20; (22) Elisha, 2 Kings 2:19-22; (23) Jesus, John 2:1-10; (24) The Egyptians, Exodus 14:21-29; (25) A rock, Exodus 17:1-6 & 20:1-11; (26) He ordered them to dig trenches, and in the morning they were filled with water, 2 Kings 3:14-22; (27) Jesus, Mark 4:39; (28) Elijah, 2 Kings 2:8-14; (29) The ark of the covenant, Joshua 3:7-17; (30) The archangel Michael, Jude 9; (31) A roaring lion, 1 Peter 5:8; (32) 2 Corinthians 4:4; (33) A lake of fire and brimstone, Revelation 20:10; (34) Lies, John 8:44
Tht Virginia Christian Israelite / PACE 8 / January 2004:Volume 15, Number I
THE MIRACLES OF CHRIST JESUS
Dr.Beitnmd L. Comparet
A little more than 2,000 years ago, the best and kindest person who ever walked this earth in human form spent three years intensively doing nothing but good. On many occasions He displayed the power of God to work miracles. In an age when superstition was strong, and most people expected a display of miracles to convince them of great power, there would naturally be a great temptation to impress the multitude by a show of supernatural power. The Jews were constantly demanding that Jesus Christ should work some miracle as a "sign” that He was more than just a man. All four Gospels record this: Matthew 12:38-40; Mark 18:11-12; Luke 11:16, 29-32; and John 6:30. But He always refused to do this: He had not come as a mountebank, to amuse people of that character with a spectacular show. Just as He refused to perform miracles for Satan, as is recorded in the 4th. chapter of Matthew, He also refused to perform diem at the demand of the Jews.
First of all. He did only those miracles which the prophets of the Old Testament had prophesied the Messiah would do. This was for a definite purpose: those who knew and believed the Old Testament (which was all of die Bible which was in existence at that time) would by this recognize Him as die Messiah, the Christ. When John the Baptist sent some of his disciples to inquire if Jesus was the Christ, as we read in Luke 7:19-22, Jesus h reminded them of the miracles which He had performed -I these being the very miracles which Isaiah had * prophesied; this would be proof enough for John. But those who could not or would not see this, also could not ■^understand His true character when He told them that He Bwas the Christ, as He told the Jews in John 10:24-25.
What was the nature of these miracles? They were all W connected with the great Gospel He preached: that of the Kingdom of God, to be established on this Earth. In the Kingdom of God, the defects of the present age will not exist; and Jesus had come to set men free from the crushing burdens we cany in this evil age.
The great majority of His miracles were the healing of the sick, the deformed, the paralyzed, and the blind, and He also freed them from possession by demons. The Jews well knew that leprosy was incurable, as far as all human skill of that day could do; yet on several occasions Jesus Christ healed it with only a spoken word. Those who otherwise were condemned to the living death of a disease under which their flesh rotted away while yet they lived, and because of this they were outcasts from all human society - these people He restored to full health and useful, happy life. Twice He restored strength and activity to those who for years had lain hopelessly paralyzed. One woman who had for 18 years of misery been deformed as a hunchback, lie restored to perfect form with but the
touch of His hand. Many who lived in fl despair of blindness He blessed with renevil giving them not only the beauty of the world abohuj but also the usefulness which enabled them to eannl living, instead of being dependent upon charity. The who lay in pain and weakness upon their beds, too sick to rise, more of these than could be counted. He healed with only a spoken word. Many who were dumb came to Him for help, and to them He gave the power to speak.
God did not intend that we should be tormented by I sicknesses, which also shorten our lives. He meant for us I to live under the glorious conditions of His kingdom, free I from crime and sin, free from sickness and death. But instead of this, men chose to live under the rule of Satan, despite the terrible price we have paid for this all during the course of human history. It was to set us free from this that Jesus Christ came: as He said in John 10:10, "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantlyI" Therefore, these miracles of healing were a demonstration to us of the perfection of His kingdom, as well as the proof of His identity.
Again, He fed multitudes - 4,000 at one time, and 5,000 at another - out in the desert where no food was to be found: for this purpose. He made a few fishes and loaves of bread sufficient to feed thousands, and even the scraps left over were more than the food they had in die beginning. But note that He did this, not for the benefit of the merely lazy: He did it for whose who had followed Him to listen to His teachings, and who would not leave Him even to go back to the towns where they could eat. Only when there was a hunger of the soul for His truth did He also feed their bodies.
He calmed the storm at sea, to save the lives of His disciples who were threatened by it. He cast out devils from those whose lives had been ruined by them. Here was the power of God plainly displayed: and yet die unbelieving Jews only scoffed, and said that He could only cast out devils by die help of Beelzebub, die prince of devils. But the Jews well knew that, by the laws of God in the Old Testament to which they gave insincere lip-service, their High Priests should have been able to cast out devils - yet they could not; so Jesus reminded them, "If I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? Therefore, they shall be your judges. But if 1 cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the Kingdom of God is come unto you " Matthew 12:22-29.
Finally, as the greatest miracle of all. He several times restored the dead to life. Surely here was the power of God beyond any possibility of doubt; but also, here was the demonstration of the goodness of God, who does not want us to suffer death, and has set us free from it through Jesus Christ. In the Kingdom of God, the reign of death is ended.
In all of these we see His consistent policy. When Satan asked Him, to turn stones into bread, and to show
(Continued on Page 9)
HE11
■
m
BHS8 Christian Israelite / P4C£ 9/January 2004: Volume 15, Number 1
I
fflt	rf f^CHMST. JESUS (from Page 8)
’ y ft &«	.	,	.
•<11 ®*jli safely jump from the topmost pinnacle of F a ajjf « demonstrations of His supreme power * f^Stuis* He refused; yet He produced food in plenty # feed those who believed in Him; and He calmed the storm to save the lives of His disciples. In a world where M's economic laws were mocked, at the cost of ever-lening poverty among the people; where the moral aws of God woe mocked, at the cost of general depravity; where die sick became more numerous with each generation, and they had lost the power to restore to sanity the wretched ones who raved and fought; in that world, with only a word or die gendest touch of His hand. He stopped pain and sorrow, restored the side to strength and usefulness, and reminded diem that only God is the source of all good. As He said in John 5:12, "Verily, verity I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of Himself, but what He seeth the Father do: for what things soever He daeth, these also daeth the Son likewiseThese miracles were not to display His power for the admiration of die fickle mob: they were to show the power of God, and what it would be like in die Kingdom of God, for which the faithful few waited.
These Are Our Civil Leaders! With
Leaders Like This What Can We Expect? Finally, can you imagine working for a company that has a little more than 500 employees and has die following statistics:
♦	29 have been accused of spousal abuse
♦	7 have been arrested for fraud
♦	19 have been accused of writing bad checks
♦117 have directly or indirectly bankrupted at least two businesses
♦	3 have done time for assault
♦	71 cannot get a credit card due to bad credit
♦	14 have been arrested on drug-related charges
♦	8 have been arrested for shophffing
♦	21 are currently defendants in lawsuits
♦	84 have been arrested for drunk driving in the last
year...
Can you guess which organization this is?
Itvs the 535 members of the United States Congress. The same group of fools that crank out hundreds of new laws each year designed to keep the rest of us in line.
How glaring was foe contrast between foe world as He found it and foe Kingdom of God which He taught them! But let us not forget - that our world of today is little better than foat which rejected Him twenty centuries ago, We also have our sick, our cripples, our paralyzed, many of whom we know not how to heal; we also have our poor, but we have not learned how to feed them except at foe cost of excessive taxes which again create the very evil they were supposed to remedy; we also have our storms and natural calamities bringing death and destruction, but we are powerless before them; and we also face the bitter sorrow of families separated by death. All our vaunted civilization, our education, our science, has not relieved us of these evils. How long will it take us to see foat man’s materialism, however good his intentions, can never furnish the answer to our needs? It is just as true today as it was then, foat in Jesus Christ alone is the answer: His power. His mercy. His goodness and generosity afford foe only possible way for us to secure the good tilings which can come only in the Kingdom of God.
Never be afraid to try something new. I Remember...
Amateurs built the Ark... Professionals built the Titanic i
NOTE: The clergy and staff that write, prepare, and produce this newsletter each and every month, would like to wish all of our readers a happy and bje$$ed New Year If 2004.
The Roman Church continues to support these "fake" miracles and their phoney relics as being important. What do they have to do with the worship of Christ Jesus? This is nothing more than the traditions of man which have permeated this apostate church. Thou shalt have no other Gods before me.
Researchers Declare
Miracle Of "Guadalupe* A Fake
AMHERST, N.Y (Wireless Flash) — Today (Dec. 12) is the 471st anniversary of the miracle of "Our Lady of Guadalupe” in Mexieo, but researchers are saying those who believe in the miracle are pretty Hlupe.N
As foe legend goes, the Virgin Maiy appeared to an Aztec man named Juan Diego and told him to relay a message to the bishop that a temple should be erected on Mt. Tepeyac in her honor. To prove Diego wasn't lying, foe Virgin imprinted an image of herself on his cloak as a sign.
But according to senior researcher at "Skeptical Inquirer" magazine who examined foe cloak in 1985, it's a fraud. Joe Nickell says infrared-photos revealed sketchmarks on foe cloak and cracks in the image that indicate the image was painted.
He says foe most recent research debunking the miracle comes from restoration expert Jose Sol Rosales, who in 2002 stepped forward with evidence that showed the image was made with paint.
Nickell says science has never proven a miracle, and, admittedly, no one would know what would constitute a miracle. Still, one thing he's sure of is that "it wouldn't look like anything ordinary like a human painting."