CONTENTS	ELDON	D.	PURVIS,	EDITOR	JUNE	1986,	VOL.	16,	NO.	6
RETURN O ISRAEL 		..PAGE	1	♦ t—|—\	STAND ON THIRD DAY 		... PAGE	9
STARS, CONSTELLATIONS & COMETS	..PAGE	2	w	PEOPLE-POWERED GOVERNMENT ....	...PAGE	10
THE PYRAMID TODAY 		.PAGE	4		FINANCIAL WATCHMAN’S REPORT ..	...PAGE	13
COINCIDENCES		..PAGE	6		NEWS & EXPLANATIONS 		...PAGE	15
THIRD DAY, PART 14 		..PAGE	7		ANNOUNCEMENTS		...PAGE	16
“AND SO ALL ISRAEL SHALL BE SAVED. AS IT IS WRITTEN, THERE SHALL COME OUT OF ZION THE DELIVERER, AND SHALL TURN AWAY WICKEDNESS FROM JACOB”: (Romans 11:26)
RETURN O ISRAEL. . .
The American Heritage Dictionary definition for the word ‘ ‘Israel’ ’ is ‘ ‘The Kingdom of Ten Tribes founded in Northern Palestine by Jeroboam in 933 B.C. and destroyed by the Assyrians in 721 B.C.” There may be significant parallels to the Nation of Israel of the Old Testament and the United States as the re-gathered Israel of today. Note particularly that the duration of time allotted to the Old Nation of Israel was 212 years, accepting the Dictionary source of dating as approximately correct.
The historic record of the separation of Solomon’s kingdom into two separate Nations related in I Kings 11 & 12 describes how Rehoboam, Solomon’s son, destined to inherit the Throne of David, asked for advice on how to respond to the people of the kingdom who were oppressed by the heavy yoke laid upon them by Solomon. Rehoboam rejected the word of the elders of Israel, and instead listened to the ‘ ‘young men who grew up with him’ ’, and told the nation he would add to their yoke. In other words, he would increase their tribute or taxation to the king who was at that time occupying the Throne of David.
A parallel in history comes to mind quickly. When our forefathers wrote the Declarion of Independence, they separated the Colonies from King George IQ of England, the King who was at that time occupying the Throne of David. The major issue in this separation was also the yoke placed upon the Colonies in the form of restrictions to trade but mostly taxes, or taxation without representation, as exemplified by such actions as the Boston Tea Party.
Hence the modem re-gathered Israel, the thirteen Colonies, were separated from the Judah Nation holding the' sceptre of Yahweh in 1776 A.D. in much the same way and for the same reasons that Israel separated from Judah in 933 B.C.
The end of Israel (Samaria) as a Nation came when Shalmaneser, King of Assyria, attacked Samaria as reported in n Kings 17 & 18. It should be noted that the King
of Assyria removed Israel from their land, and in II Kings 17:24 replaced them with other non-Israelites and “settled them in the cities of Samaria in place of Israel”. The final exile of the Israelites took place about 721 B.C.
Note again some significant parallels to our Nation today. The Assyrians, an alien non-Israelite people of the North (example Russian Khazars) have for the past seventy or more years progressively and surely ‘ ‘entered our land and tread on our palaces” (Micah 5:5). Yahweh calls the Assyrians the “rod of Mine anger” (Isaiah 10:5,6) who He sends against a Godless Nation. Yahweh of Hosts has sworn “to break Assyria in My Land and I will tread him down on My Mountain” (Isaiah 14:24-26). Please note that ‘ ‘the Assyrian shall fall by the sword of no man; no human sword shall devour him” (Isaiah 31:6-9). Our Nation has been delivered into the hands of the Assyrian because we committed harlotry with them (Ezekiel 16:28 & 23:9).
Will this National of Israel follow the pattern of Samaria of old? Surely many Israelite families, farmers and skilled workers know the fate of being “exiled” from their land and occupations, the direct result of theft by the Assyrians in their midst. And many Bible-believing Israelite families have had their children and heritage subtly stolen from them through the Assyrian domination and influence in education, entertainment, and even in established churches and institutions. The pattern could well follow that of Samaria, meaning that the year 1988, just 212 years from our Declaration of Independence from England, could be the year when the foundations of this Nation are completely destroyed by the Assyrians in our midst. This could be the year when the Assyrians assume complete dominance (capture) of this great American culture that has been our heritage, and such a great blessing to the world.
Our only hope remains that as reported by the Prophet Hosea. . .“Return O Israel to Yahweh your Elohim; for your sins have caused you to stumble. . Read Hosea, Chapter 14, and pray that Israel will be healed, and the anger of Yahweh turned from this Nation.
C.S. SpringCO
LET’S TALK ABOUT STARS, CONSTELLATIONS, COMETS AND YAHWEH’S NUMBERS
ELDON PURVIS
I will be covering a 12 year period from 1974 to 1986 to bring some interesting events to your attention.
Now that we have experienced the appearance of Halley’s Comet in 1985-86 here are some facts. The Comet has appeared straight from the direction of the Constellation ORION, (‘THE REDEEMER BREAKING FORTH AS LIGHT’). It passed through the Constellation of TAURUS, ( SIGN FOR SONS OF JOSEPH, EPHRAIM AND MANASSEH’), and finally disappears in the Constellation LEO, (‘THE LION OF THE TRIBE OF JUDAH’). Each of the Constellations, together with their individual stars, have very ancient meanings which all refer in one way or another to the birth, ministry, death, resurrection, return, and ultimate victory of YeHoshua the Messiah and Coming King.
By the time you read this issue I will have reached my 70th birthday on May 13, 1986. This might not mean much to some but I would like to tell a story in relation to the date, May 13th, and the Constellation ORION. There are 232 days left in each calendar year from May 13th. Leap year doesn’t change this. . .
Now that I am 70 this also has great Biblical meaning regarding Judah’s time in captivity. I am of the tribe of Judah. I looked up the value of this number in ‘ ‘Language of Numbers”, and here is what it says. ‘ ‘70, this is a combination of two perfect numbers (7 x 10 = 70) and signifies perfect spiritual order. We have seen something of the significance of their sum by addition to the number (7 + 10= 17);their product by multiplication is no less significant. It is the threescore and ten years of man’s life (Psalm 90:10) and without doubt, numbers the Jubilees from the organization of Israel into a Kingdom at Mount Sinai to the perfection of the Kingdom of Yahweh on earth, which is coming in the near future. Also, seventy is the number of Jerusalem and the number of ‘DETERMINATION’ (Daniel 9:24).” (End of quote)
It was in 1973 that I found that I was bom on the ORION number 232, May 13th, and I wish to include a story that we printed a year later in the May 1974 issue of New Beginnings. I hope you find this interesting. The article is as follows:
“A LINK BETWEEN HEAVEN AND EARTH” Written by D. White, England, April 1973 Isaiah 66:1 records a most profound and significant statement and one worthy of prayerful consideration. It commences the 232nd paragraph of Isaiah and reads as follows, ‘‘Thus saith the Lord, The heaven is my throne; and the earth is my footstool. . .”
Now, if one searches the sky on a clear winter’s night, it is not difficult to discover the mighty Constellation ORION, whose size and brilliance probably make it even more impressive than the well-known Plough. Orion is re-
ferred to in Job 9:9 & 38:31-32, and displays, in pictorial form, a most significant pattern easily	^
distinguishable by both young and old * alike. It is the pattern 232, as shown in the following diagram:	3	**
This pattern is very noticeable also on earth, in the Bible and in the Calendar. As shown above, it is associated with Isaiah 2 *	*
66:1.
Let us now consider that very impressive monument, the Great Pyramid, which is sometimes (rightly) called the Bible in Stone. It is referred to in Isaiah 19:19-20 which happens to be the 232nd chapter from the end of the Old Testament.
Now, the Pyramid has a completed height of 232 sacred Hebrew Cubits and a base side of 232 metres. Moreover, a well-known key date in the Pyramid’s Chronology was August 20, 1953 and this was the 232nd day of that year. Further, August 1953 was the 232 x 101 Calendar month of the A.D. era!
Is it not marvellous, therefore, that Isaiah 19, with its Pyramid references, is the 232nd chapter from the end of the Old Testament?
As if to indicate the all-pervading power of God (again via the spacious heavens) Britain has for many years broadcast to Europe and to the world on a wave-length of 232 metres.
To bring ourselves up-to-date, let us remember that Handel composed his immortal Messiah in August 1741 and 232 years from 1741 brings us to 1973!
Our very sacred Coronation Service takes place in Westminster Abbey, at the heart of the Commonwealth, and Westminster Abbey is situated in the County of Middlesex which has an area of 232 square miles! Also in Middlesex is the City of London, whose Common Council consists of 232 members! Can it be that great and serious events are about to break over Britain? There seems much which needs correction by Divine intervention.
There are various other physical references to the 232 pattern, but our purpose here is to emphasize spiritual matters and the inspiration of the Holy Bible, which is indeed Holy, set apart from Almighty God from all other books and raised by Him to transcend all other writings for our learning and blessing as we walk the Highway of Holiness.
In the Bible the 232nd chapter from the end is Mark* chapter 1, and it commences with these words, ‘‘The beginning of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God”, the only Gospel record to open with these words! This ^chapter also records the Baptism of our Lord.
Both the Ascension and later the gift of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost are very closely linked. The Ascension is recorded in the last paragraph of Mark, which is the 232nd paragraph from the beginning of the New Testament whilst the descent of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost is described in Acts 2, in the 232nd paragraph from the end of the New Testament!
We next note that the last paragraph of St. Mark is the 232nd paragraph of the New Testament and says in verse 19, “So then, after the Lord had spoken unto them, He
NEW BEGINNINGS® JUNE 1986
was received up into Heaven, and sat on the right hand of 3 God”. . . and it is in the heavens that the 232 pattern of Orion witnesses to these stupendous events!
Because of the above and other similar features, it is suggested that the pattern 232 may form a significant link between Earth and Heaven, or between Prophecy and its fulfillment in History.
COMMENTS ABOUT “A LINK BETWEEN HEAVEN AND EARTH” by Eldon Purvis, Editor
I read this story a year ago on May 13,1973 and it spoke to me and showed me that the Lord has everything under control. You might ask, “How does he remember the exact date?” Well, it was my birthday but it wasn’t until early the next morning when I heard a radio announcer open with this statement:4 ‘Good Morning everybody, this is Monday, May 14th - there are only 231 days left in 1973.” Then I knew that there was something for me. I immediately checked my desk calendar and to my amazement I discovered that my birthday, May 13th, was 232 days from the end of the year. Naturally, this got my attention and I made further enquiries about this 232 business from a well informed friend in England (not the author of the article). Now, I quote what my friend wrote to me last fall: ‘‘I am interested in the 232. It is, of course, “four” times ”58” and this has the deepest significance with God. One could say it has a “UNIVERSAL 4” meaning,
(see last item for meaning of number 4), for it was inclusively 58 hours (or two days and ten hours) between the hour of the death of Jesus when He was raised from the dead. Many major chronological pattemings in the Bible show these 58 hours, in one form or another, a “death” beginning and a “resurrection” ending in sacred history, so I’m not surprised that “ORION” shows this 232 pattern in the form of its Seven Stars. Though this may not be related. Revelation 1:20 says that “the Seven Stars are (lit.) the messengers of the Seven Churches.”
The “Language of Numbers” has this about the number 58. “This factor is 29 + 29 and signifies ‘EXPECTANCY OF JUDGMENT - DOUBLED’. (End of quote)
NOW 1974
Almost one year later, which was April 3, 1974, Yahweh reminded me about this whole story of “ORION” with 232.
Again, Yahweh had my attention and He reminded me that in “40 days I would be 58 years old on May 13, 1974 which is 232 days from the end of the year’ ’. Incidentally,
40 is a time of probation. Perhaps some will question Yahweh speaking this way but I’m prepared to hear from Father however He wishes to speak.
I believe Yahweh has sent His messengers to the churches and the elect and their courses are set but I am looking for the Ressurection of the Overcomers who are going to rule with the King, YeHoshua the Messiah. (End of quote)
NOW 1986
12 years have passed since 1974 and I have gone from 58 to 70 years old.
MEANING OF NUMBER IN SCRIPTURE The “Language of Numbers” has this about the number:	12
“Here, again, is a perfect number, signifying governmental perfection. It is found as a multiple in all that has to do with rule. Twelve is the product of three (the perfect Divine and heavenly number) and four (the number of material completeness on earth). Twelve is three multiplied by four and denotes that which can scarcely be explained in words, but which spiritual perception can at once appreciate, viz. . .organization - the products denoting production, multiplication and increase of all that is contained in the two numbers separately. The four is generally prominently seen in the twelve.” (End of quote)
I would like to close this with:
WHAT DOES THE BIBLE HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THESE SIGNS AND CONSTELLATIONS?
Job 9:8-10 4 ‘Who By Himself Spread Out The Heavens and Trod On The Sea-Monster’s Back (on the crest of the waves); Who Made Aldebaran (Arcturus a constellation commonly called ‘great Bear’), And Orion, (a constellation ‘The Coming Prince’ also ‘Light Breaking Forth in the Redeemer’) And Pleiades (The Cluster of Seven Stars) And The Circle Of The Southern Cross; Who Does Great And Unsearchable Things, Marvels Without Number.” Job 38:31-32 “Can You Bind The Cluster Of Pleiades Or Loose Orion’s Belt? Can You Bring Out The Signs Of The Zodiac In Their Season Or Guide Aldebaran And Its Train?”
Amos 5:8-9 “He Who Made The Pleiades And Orion, Who Turned Darkness Into Morning And Darkened Day Into Night, Who Summoned The Waters Of The Sea And Poured Them Over The Earth, Who Makes Taurus (a constellation commonly called ‘The Bull’, meaning ‘Messiah’, the Coming Judge of all the Earth’) Rise After Capella And Taurus Set Hard On The Rising Of The Vintager (who smiles destruction on the strong, and destruction on the fortified city). He Who Does This, His Name Is The Lord. ” (from New English Bible)
FOUR - WHAT IT MEANS:
4‘Number in Scriptures’ ’ by E. Bui linger The number four (4) is made up of three and one (3+1-4), and it denotes, therefore, and marks that which follows the revelation of God (in three aspects), namely HIS CREATIVE WORKS. He is known by the things that are seen. Hence the written revelation commences with the words, “In the beginning God CREATED.” Creation is therefore the next thing - the FOURTH thing.
Four is the number of the great elements - earth, air, fire and water.
Four are the regions of the earth - north, south, east and west.
Four are the divisions of the day, the seasons of the year and the great variations of the lunar phases.
Genesis 1:14, “God said, ‘Let there be light in the vaults of heaven to separate day from night, and let them serve as signs both for festivals and for seasons and years” (verse 19)’ evening came, and morning came, a fourth
4
day.” (End of quote)
I pray this has opened up some areas that will help you.
Matt. 24:44 “Hold yourselves ready, therefore, because the Son of Man will come at the time you least expect him.”
I pray that you have gleaned something of spiritual and natural benefit from this report on ‘Stars, Constellations, Comets, and Numbers’. I have found that Yahweh is anxious to let us know that we are in His Great Plan and that we search for information that will strengthen us in our daily lives. I ask your forgiveness for my inclusion of my own life into this article. However, we are part of Yahweh’s great family and what He has shown to me only raises my Father and Redeemer to His rightful place in the whole Universe.
Here is a list of material that might help you enjoy the great mysteries of Yahweh. (B-613 ‘The Glory of the Stars’, $4.00; B-659 ‘The Stars Declare God’s Handiwork’, $2.00; B-654 ‘Language in Numbers’, $1.50 and B-655 ‘Number in Scriptures’, Dr. Bullinger, $12.00.) Please add 10% postage & handling; minimum $1.50.
Yahweh bless you. Eldon Purvis, May 6, 1986DD
THE PYRAMID FOR TODAY
William Lethbridge RENAISSANCE versus REFORMATION
The following writing was triggered and inspired by a conversation with Mr. Roger Rusk of Seymour, Tennessee.
The Great Pyramid identifies very specifically the Reformation at the cut-off of the Descending Passage and shows that it was inserted or injected into satan’s domain as the prince of this world. During this year given by the Pyramid, 1521, Martin Luther was in prison, but it was the year that his writings began to go out, and was thus the year that the Reformation began to be an influence.
Martin Luther’s nailing his 92 thesis to the door of Wit-tenburg church, plus his confrontation with the Pope of Rome, had all taken place before this time.
There was another movement going on at this time called the Renaissance which began in Italy, and from there it spread to the rest of Europe, and to Britain.
Renaissance means rebirth, and was a time of revival of learning, of much experimentation, and exploration. This period represents the reaction of the European human being, who had become aware of his individuality, against the collectivism of the middle ages under feudalism, and it arose out of the desire of the individual to come to terms personally, and without the intervention of the church, with the religious and metaphysical ideas of his time.
For instance, in northern Europe earnest and spiritually minded men were outraged by the pagan and worldly attitude of the Renaissance. Even the Catholic church, they thought, had been infected and corrupted by enthusiasm for material things. Led by Martin Luther these outraged men ended by denying the authority of the church. They claimed that each person should decide for himself how he could best lead a good and worthwhile life. This revolt is
THE GREAT PYRAMID
AS IT WILL APPEAR
IN THE MILLENNIUM
“he shall dring forth the top-stone amid shouts of grace,
GRACE UNTO IT.” “THE STONE WHICH THE BUILDERS REJECTED. (THE TOP-STONE—CHRISr), THE SAME IS BECOME THE HEAD OF THE CORNER,” “THAT IN THE DISPENSATION OF THE FULNESS OF TIMES HE MICHT CATHER TOCETHER IN ONE ALL THINCS IN CHRIST, BOTH WHICH ARE IN HEAVEN AND WHICH ARE ON EARTH.”
—^tchariah 4: 7; Luke 20: 17; Ephesians 1:10.—
called the Protestant Reformation. Through it the individualism and questioning characteristics of the Renaissance entered the field of religion.
Having said the above, and I have forgotten where I once gleened it from, it is evident that the Renaissance introduced an important element into the Reformation walk, namely that the individual must press into Yahweh for himself, and that he cannot rely on an organized church to do it for him. Also that the church as such tends to become oriented to worldly success rather than attaining to the individual’s best spiritual interests.
Concerning the Renaissance a new spirit began to rise in Europe in the 1400’s. They became curious about the world and about knowledge. Scholars rediscovered the Greek and Roman classics and translations of them were read eagerly by the common people.
But as a basis for study, ancient Greece had certain things which should be noted here. Greek history tells us that Israelites, particularly of the tribe of Dan, were emigrating from Egypt into Greece even before the Exodus took place. Then more came after Israel was settled in their Promised Land. So, without doubt, the glory of Ancient Greece was the glory of fallen Israel.
What is it then that we are indebted to Ancient Greece -or fallen Israel - for?
1.	Our literature really had its beginnings in Greece for Greek poems and plays have been studied and copied in all countries of Europe.
2.	Aristotle was the foundation of the most important School of Philosophy and logic of the later Middle Ages.
3.	Our democracy came out of ancient Greece.
4.	Greek sculptre shows that our forefathers were enamoured by the human body just as is today.
So these are some of the foundation stones of the Renaissance. And from these few it can be seen that there was always the exaltation of man as its pinnacle, but the Reformation exalted Yahweh, and this is a part of the contest
NEW BEGINNINGS® JUNE 1*86
which has been going on ever since.
Mention should also be made here of what lead up to the Reformation. In 1348 St. George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle, England, received the Erst free charter, and this has been called the first glimmer of the Reformation. Shortly after Westminster Abbey received a similar charter which, likewise set it free completely from the authority of Rome. Thus was the Throne of David set free, for today our Queen and St. George’s Chapel and Westminster Abbey function together in complete freedom outside the jurisdiction of the state Church of England of which the Queen is also head.
ST .GEORGE'S CHAPEL, at Windsor Castle. Where the Great and Humble lie Buried. Free from the established Anglican church.
THE NAVE. Such perfection is scarcely of this world.. Yahweh is more Perfect.
5
Here is another milestone of history, when our Saviour took our sins in becoming a sin offering. He had to die to save Himself first so that Salvation could be passed on to others.
The second step, as has been shown, was the Throne of David which had to be set free so that our Saviour could be lord over the lives of individuals.
The next development of this second step occurred in 1382 when the first Bible in English was published by John Wycliffe, the Morning Star of the Reformation. *\nd so the glorious story goes on and on; the invention of the printing press in 1440, and the Gutenberg Bible in 1456, all toward getting Truth to the Common man. But the real ‘going forth’ began in 1521 as has been already dealt with, and this point was so important that Father has enshrined it in stone.
One more milestone is to be dealt with in this sequence of events. In 1859 two books were published, one by John Taylor of London, England and the other Charles Darwin. John Taylor saw so many scientific facts incorporated in the architecture of the Great Pyramid that he was convinced that the edifice had a Divine Message for humanity, and so the name of his book was The Great Pyramid: Why Was It Built and Who built It?
Darwin’s book was called The Origin of The Species and became the foundation for the theory of evolution.
So 120 years before the wonderful year of 1979 these two thoughts were introduced into society. 120 years before the flood Yahweh declared that man had another 120 years and that was it (Genesis 6:3). That sort of finality seems to focus on 1979 for us.
The theory of evolution fitted right into the train of thought of the Renaissance and periods following it and now secular humanism is propagated, and man is master of his own destiny, a real Luciferian outlook (Isaiah 14:13, 14).
On the other hand, the battle for Truth and Life has gone on since 1521 and now the Pyramid shows that we have entered the age of complete victory. 1979 was the turning point and we are now learning to walk in the Victory that was purchased for us by our Saviour through His Blood.
The turning point began first in the natural in 1348 for the Throne of David and then the bursting forth of the Good News in 1521. But our battle now is in the realm of the Spirit, and what is happening concerns the New Jerusalem which has not yet come down from Heaven to earth.
Likewise the Throne of David is functioning in the Heavenlies as we, each of us, grow in our relationship with our Saviour, coming to the place where He is 100% our Head, and therefore King of this king and Ruler of this ruler. However, it is not happening corporately in our governments, nor by means of the natural Throne of David in London, England but only in us individually and as we come together corporately in Him. So the battle for the exaltation of Yahweh and man is going on everywhere but mainly in the minds of called out individuals.
Bless you.	□□
See the following books:
B-614 Great Pyramid Decoded. $ 3.00 B-639 Janissa. $ 8.00 EXCITING.
B-818 Mysteries of The Past. $ 18.00
B-830 Two Victories. $ 4.00
B-891 The Man Who Built The Pyramid. $ 6.00
______________________________6
‘COINCIDENCES’
Linking Britain with Ancient Israel
By BRIGADIER GEORGE WILSON Of Keswick
CONCLUSIONS The foregoing pages list a number of items which connect Britain and our indigenous British people (and people of British and Anglo-Saxon Celtic stock) with the Northern House of Israel. There is very much more which could and should have been mentioned but space is limited.
As suggested in the introduction, if there were only a few of these instances then they could be dismissed as coincidences. But when there are so many, their combined ‘chorus’ cannot be stifled, neither can their combined message be ‘brushed under the carpet’!! These links and similarities with ancient Israel must have come from our origins; the customs, ceremonies, traditions, names, etc. must have percolated through and persisted over the thousands of years, from generation to generation down to us ... or alternatively they must have been Divinely Inspiredf, and if so we must ask for what purpose?
Meanwhile Yahweh has been carrying out His plan to preserve His Servant Nation Israel (condemned to ‘blindness’ and to total ignorance of their identity) to form the nucleus of His Kingdom to be set up here on Earth when ‘That great Day of Yahweh’ comes as it surely will: and also to ‘hand over’ the Royal Throne of David to the Redeemer King of Kings whose right it is. It is for this specific purpose, and to fulfill His promise in Luke 1:32 that Yahweh has so wonderfully preserved David’s Royal Throne and David’s Royal Line from Zedekiah right down to our Queen, Elizabeth, today.
If this is not so then what has become of the ‘lost Ten Tribes of Israel’ - the people whom Yahweh swore to preserve, to protect and to plant in a place of their own that He had appointed for them? Where in the world is David’s Royal Throne which Yahweh swore ‘by His Holiness’ should endure for ever ‘as the sun and the moon before Him’; and with a descendant of David’s line reigning upon it perpetually? Or is our El a liar and a breaker of His solemn and oft repeated covenants?
No one can fail to see how Yahweh has saved, protected and favoured Britain over the centuries - in spite of our disgraceful behaviour. We have profaned His Holy Name, broken His Laws, and we continue to plumb the depths of perfidy and degradation as our iniquity abounds. We are a stiffnecked people - as were the Israelites!
When we were a God-fearing Christian Nation, and tried to obey His voice we prospered greatly; but when we forsook Him, nationally - as now. He chastised us - as He said He would, just as He chastised Israel of old. (Another coincidence?)
David’s Throne, which was (and still is) the Throne of Yahweh’s servant Nation Israel, is referred to in Yahweh’s own Word as ‘The Throne of Yahweh’) see I Chron. 29:23, ‘And Solomon sat on the Throne of Yahweh in place of his father David.’ There it is vitally
important to realise that Britain’s Royal Throne which has descended from David’s Throne is still ‘The Throne of Yahweh’ and also of Yahweh’s people Israel!! Remember also the unconditional promises that Yahweh made concerning this Throne. He covenanted to establish it and preserve it for ever: He promised in Luke 1:32-33 and in Isaiah 9:6-7 to give the Throne of his father David to YeHoshua, our Redeemer King when He comes in Glory to take it and to rule over the House of Jacob for ever.
This is Why: Yahweh has ensured that this Royal Throne and the Royal Line did not die with the capture of Zedekiah and the death of his sons, but indeed has endured to this day - otherwise how can Yahweh keep His solemn promise to give YeHoshua the Throne of His father David, if that Throne no longer exists, and there is no throne to give?
Referring right back to Para. 1 describing our Coronation service. This is Why it is no coincidence that when we crown the Sovereign who is destined to occupy this Throne, and when the great day comes to hand over this Throne of Yahweh to YeHoshua whose Right it is; such trouble is taken (unwittingly?) to conform to Yahweh’s instructions for the crowning ceremony. This is why it is a deeply religious service, and not a Civic Ceremony. This is Why Yahweh has so faithfully and meticulously fulfilled His Promise that there would always be a descendant of David’s Line to sit on David’s Throne - which is now here in Britain, with his descendants reigning upon it. Without honouring this promise, the fulfilment of Yahweh’s other unconditional Covenants would be jeopardised.
How many of the people involved in or watching the Coronation on T.V. from the Archbishops downwards have the remotest inkling of what they are really doing, and why the ceremony takes that unique form?
‘Yahweh moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform.’
A Last Though!
Is it a Coincidence that we have here in Britain, both The Coronation Stone - Jacob’s Stone of Bethel, symbol I of the ‘Old Covenant’ (Gen. 28:13-18): and the Cup of the I Last Supper, symbol of the ‘New Covenant’ (Mark 14:22 -I 24): which are the two surviving Eye Witnesses to The Old! and The New Covenants made by Yahweh with His People Israel! Is it by ‘Coincidence’ that both should have found their separate ways into the keeping of Yahweh’s People in His ‘Appointed Place’?
Acknowledgements and Author’s Notes
This collection of so-called ‘coincidences’ and oth snippets of information which connect the Anglo-Saxc Celtic people of today with Yahweh’s Servant Nation rael was originally compiled by the Author for his o use. Subsequently it was suggested that it might be helj to others in conjecturing what became of ‘The Ten I Tribes of Israel’! We earnestly pray that this may be s
The contents have been collected from many and ve sources and authorities.
Is it a coincidence that we, the British, bear a!
NEW BEGINNINGS® JUNE 1986
known Identification marks which the Bible gives, by 7 which Ephraim-Israel may be identified? Again space does not allow us to enumerate them here, although we have covered some items in passing.
Why has Yahweh so loved and favoured us? He Himself tells us why in Ezek. 36:22 et seq. ‘Thus saith Yahweh Almighty: I do not this for your sakes, O House of Israel, but for My Holy Name’s sake, which ye have profaned among the heathen whither ye went.’ This could be the ultimate and most telling ‘coincidence*! The Bible makes it quite clear that there is only one people to whom Yahweh has covenanted such great mercies - in spite of their great sin -only to ‘backsliding Israel’! Yahweh’s promises were made to no one else.
Surely no people on this earth - other than the British, have been so favoured and protected? Does this fact not indicate that we, the Anglo-Saxon-Celtic people must be the present day descendants of Yahweh’s Servant Nation of Israel? Listen to what Yahweh says to us in Isaiah 43:1, ‘Thus saith Yahweh who created thee, O Jacob, and He that formed thee, O Israel: fear not, for I have redeemed thee; I have called thee by thy name; Thou art mine’! Would Almighty Yahweh have been so loving, so long-suffering, so forgiving, so protective towards any people other than ‘His chosen’, whom He describes as ‘His peculiar treasure, chosen to be a special people unto Himself, above all other people on the face of the earth’?
Post Script
Throughout these pages the question ‘Why’ has been asked many times. We venture to suggest that the answer to each question, or the reason behind each coincidence can only be that we (The British with our Royal Throne and Line, and our English speaking sister nations, together with all Anglo-Saxon-Celtic peoples) really are the present day descendants of Yahweh’s Ten Tribed Northern House of Israel (the so-called Lost Tribes). We beg you not to confuse Yahweh’s ‘Israel’ with the modem state of Israel, or with the Jew! The authentic Jews are descendants of a remnant of the Southern Kingdom of Judah. The Northern Kingdom of Israel and the great majority of the Tribe of Judah are not and never have been Jews. The Bible makes this absolutely clear.
Although we ourselves and the world in general are still blind to this fact. Almighty Yahweh has never for one instant lost sight of us. In spite of our sins - for which He had to put us away for a time, His loving care and concern for us has continued, uninterrupted and unchanging from the day He formed us as His people, throughout the centuries while He led us on our migrations to the Place He had appointed for us . . . right up to this moment! Nor has He deviated from His plan to use us (Israel) when He establishes His Kingdom on this earth. We are still His same people -stiffnecked, wayward, sinful, backsliding Israel, though now in modem guise!
Appendix I
Explanation is needed of the various references which have been made to the Royal Throne of David as being ‘The Throne of Yahweh’.
I
THE ORB
A golden ball surmounted by a Cross symbolizes the sovereignty of Christianity over the world.
THE ROYAL SCEPTRE
with the Cross is held in the Sovereign’s right hand. It contains the magnificent diamond ‘Star of Africa’.
THE ROYAL SCEPTRE
with the Dove, symbolic of the Holy Ghost, is held in the Sovereign’s left hand.

st. George’s spurs The golden spurs, which the Queen touches, are emblems of knightly chivalry. At one time they were worn at the Ceremony.
See the following:
B-772 Significance of Book of Common Prayer $3.00
B-751 How the Gospel Came to Britain $5.00
B-636 Britain’s Royal Throne $5.00
B-672 Coming of the Saints $10.00
VIDEO V-401 THE CORONATION OF THE QUEEN
VIDEO V-407 STONE OF DESTINY - Rental $15.00
THIRD DAY SERIES Part 14
Norene C. Nicholls
“And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the Third Day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire. I Sam. 30:1.
In the course of the studies on the Third Day representing the Third Thousand Year Day into which we are currently entering, we come upon another incident in the life of David that is definitely connected with the Third Day. To make the setting for the above quoted verse, it must be noted that David had not yet publicly come to the throne. He was still being hunted and sought out by Saul. He even found himself among the enemies of Israel but was mercifully spared from fighting against Israel. Achish told David and his men to return to Ziklag, and this they did arriving at Ziklag on the Third Day to find the city had been burned and their wives and families taken captives by the Amalekites. Read the whole 30th chapter for the details of what happened.
According to Joshua 15:21-31 Ziklag was one of the
cities of Judah, in the south of Judah, in fact. This is an in- 8 teresting point, for JUDAH means PRAISE. Yet this very city was burned with fire and the people taken captive as David and his men returned on the Third Day to their town. Then according to Joshua 19:1-5 this city, along with a number of others, was given over to the Tribe of Simeon, thus they had their inheritance within the inheritance of the Tribe of Judah. This may all seem insignificant on the surface, but let us dig into this further.
Ziklag was therefore a city in Judah, or Praise, also a city of Simeon which means to HEAR INTELLIGENTLY. Thus, to find this city burned with fire and the people taken captive infers that something drastic happens with both PRAISE and INTELLIGENT HEARING as the Third Day opens. It seems that both praise and intelligent hearing have been dealt a hard blow in these days. One listens to hear an intelligent answer, but silence often ensues.
To try and muster up praise seems futile. But why? Ordinary thinking would tell us that this Third Day should begin with paeans of praise and an abundance of intelligent hearing, but what has happened? Like David we stand with our feet in the ashes of Ziklag, ashes being typical of what has been but has been reduced to almost nothing.
Here we are in the start of this Third Thousand Year Day, and the praise and spiritual hearing we once had is gone.
The Third Day starts off with seeming apparent failure and loss, but that is not all the answer.
I Samuel 30:3-4 tells of great weeping among David and his men. This Third Day opens with deep emotional upsets springing up from the very depths of the being. Have you not noted how the emotions seem to run the gamut of heights and depths these days? And, we are tempted to ask ourselves WHY? It is the final purging of the emotions, and all sorts of circumstances are bringing the emotions to the surface, not to define us, but to rid us of old emotions.
The Third Day is not all wonderful and glorious, but has to start with the cleansing of the inner being.
Verse 6 even tells of how David’s men spoke of stoning David. Those the closest to us are having anti-thoughts regarding the elect. There is such a sifting in this hour, and it is bringing forth words of judgment and retribution. Yet David never let himself retaliate against his men. What an upheaval is taking place among the chosen ones, but all shall be righted in the plan of Yahweh.
David’s reaction is given in these words, “But David encouraged himself in Yahweh Elohim.’’
We are in that time when each individual must encourage himself or herself in Yahweh. There may not be anything encouraging in circumstances, there may be no one else who will encourage you, it may even seem that there is no encouragement from above, but this is where each individual must stand with feet in the ashes of Ziklag and encourage himself in Yahweh. It is not the easiest thing to do, but it is the necessary thing. It is where the ravished mind turns away from every other thing and centers upon Him alone. This is a necessity in the opening of this Third Day. Praise and hearing may be nil, but here the mind given over to the Holy Spirit takes dominion of the thinking and reassures itself that Yahweh is still in control regardless of circumstances.
Verse 7 states. And David said to Abiathar the priest.
Ahimelech’s son, “I pray thee, bring me hither the EPHOD.” And Abiathar brought hither the EPHOD to David. The verses following tell how David enquired of Yahweh as to whether he was to pursue the Amalekites and overtake them. This request of David’s seemed almost rash, for the EPHOD was for the use of the priest, but even as David earlier had eaten the Holy Bread without judgment upon him, so now in his desperate hour he likewise makes use of the EPHOD to. get an answer from the Most High.
Be reminded that Saul had slain most of the priests, but Abiathar had managed to escape with the ephod and fled to David. Why was the ephod so important? If you will read the account of the ephod of the High Priest, you will find that fastened to it was the breastplate. This breastplate had the 12 stones for the 12 tribes of Israel, and the name of each tribe was inscribed in the particular stone or gem for that tribe. But that is not the whole story. This breastplate was doubled, thus forming a pocket inside of it in which were placed the urim and the thummim.
We have no Biblical description of what these were, but we do have the knowledge that they were used to ascertain the will of Yahweh. Just how they were used we are not altogether sure, but we do know they were used in casting lots for the areas of inheritance for the various tribes. The word LOTS literally means a stone or stones. Thus it is intimated that the Urim and Thummim were stones or gems of some sort. Some have conjectured that one stood for yes and one for no, but more than that is involved. In this case of David using the Ephod with its breastplate and enclosed Urim and Thummim he received more than a yes or no, but rather received directions to pursue the Amalekites with the promise of overtaking them and recovering everything.
Here we are at the opening of this Third Day, and we have to have some definite answers and some definite promises. Where are we going to find them? David turned to the sacred garment of the High Priest, or in other words, he entered into a priestly ministry which was actually connected to the kingly ministry for he had long ago been anointed to be king. When you join these two ministries together, you come face to face with the Melchisedec ministry of PRIEST/KING. This special ministry comes with the opening of the Third Day.
Now, to return to the subject of the breastplate. As mentioned before, there were 12 stones on it standing for the 12 tribes of Israel, but in actuality there were more than 12 tribes. Jacob adopted Ephraim and Manasseh as his sons, but this did not do away with the original 12 sons. So count, and you will find there were actually 14 tribes. I know that many say that Joseph was dropped as a separate tribe due to his sons being adopted into the sons. But be reminded that in the sealing of the tribes in Rev. 7 Joseph was named among them, showing that he was still a separate tribe from his two sons. In fact, Jacob spoke to Joseph telling him about * ‘the seed he would have after these (Ephraim and Manasseh).’’ So there is still a distinctive tribe of Joseph.
Levi was separated from the other tribes to be a priestly tribe, and when the tribes encamped around the Tabema-
cle, Levi did not encamp with them. Rather he was in the center of all of them and around the Tabernacle. He was separated from the other tribes for a specific purpose. Someone else is also referred to as separated - Joseph was separate from his brethren. Thus you have two separated tribes, and these two separated tribes have to be accounted for in the tallying of Israel. Does it not stand to reason that as Levi was not encamped with the rest of the tribes but was separated in the center of the camp around the Tabma-cle that his particular gem-stone would be in the pocket of the breastplate? I am not dogmatic on this, but I am propounding food for thought. And, if his gem-stone was in the pocket of the breastplate, then it stands to reason that the other gem-stone in the pocket was that of Joseph. These two stones thus representing the two Tribes of Levi and Joseph became the Urim and Thummim by which the will of Yahweh was ascertained. Let us see if this proposition of truth “holds water” or not.
The Tribe of Levi was a priestly tribe headed up by the High Priest who definitely was used to receive truth, instructions and answers for Israel. There is no doubt about that. But what about Joseph? He, too, was used in a very special way to bring forth light and information from the Most High. This was so much recognized that his brethren even called him a dreamer, literally Master of Dreams. It was this ability that brought him before Pharaoh with an answer of peace. It was this ability that brought him to the throne. So it is evident that both die separated tribes were and are used to obtain answers from on high. Would this not fit with the two gem-stones of the Urim and Thummim? This is not to say that only these two tribes or only those of these two tribes will be used for answers from above, but it does finally give credence to the fact that these two tribes had gem-stones of their own along with the 12 gem-stones of the 12 Tribes on the front of the breastplate.
This could be followed by the statement concerning Joseph, “Joseph is a fruitful bough (literally SON) by a well; whose branches (literally DAUGHTERS) run over the wall.” Gen. 49:22. Where is the WELL in scriptural reference? YeHoshua said that the water He would give would be a well of water within springing up into everlasting life. As the High Priest wore the breastplate over his bosom, it spoke of covering that part of him that contained a spiritual well. Joseph was a fruitful son by this well receiving divine instructions and light thereby. As for Joseph’s daughters, the seed that came after Ephraim and Manasseh, they are never satisfied to just abide by the well but keep climbing over the walls or encirclements. It states that they RUN OVER the wall. The word run literally means to step upward or mount upward, and over is from the same root from which we get high or Most High. In other words, they step or mount upward to a high place or into the Most High. Now connect this with the fact that Melchisedec was the priest of the Most High, and you again have the uniting of the priestly company with the kingly company into one glorious unfolding of truth.
Therefore consider these foregoing thoughts concerning the two separated Tribes, the two gem-stones, the Urim and Thummim, and see what further light may be given to corroborate what has been herein written.
g The starting of this Third Day necessitates such divine direction as we have never had before, and David manifested this in asking for the Ephod and its resultant answer. Then what was the result? He and four hundred of his men took off in obedience to the directions and went after the Amalekites. As they went, they found an Egyptian, a servant of an Amalekite, who was nearly dead. They gave him bread, water, figs and raisins until his spirit was revived. Then he directed David and his men to where the Amalekites were with the promise that he would not be given over to his master nor killed. In this Third Day there will be many who are not Israelites who will fall in with Israel and will be granted life and liberty. Don’t think that only Israel is going to glory in victory, for many nations who will submit to the Most High will be blessed likewise.
The Amalekites were descendants of Esau, a type of the flesh with no regard for the birthright. Thus this realm of flesh must be conquered without fail for we are to walk in the realm of the Spirit and not in the realm of the flesh. David and his men came upon the Amalekites and defeated them and gained back all they had lost and more. The spoils of the battle were great and wonderful, so great that David sent presents to various cities and towns where he and his men had been helped. Yes, this Third Day may start out with our feet in the ashes of Ziklag but ends up with the RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS, with such bounties that many share in its glory, with victory such as has never been known before.
Hail to the Third Day, and hail to the elected who dare to receive an answer and walk in obedience thereto! Take courage, encourage yourself as David did for the outcome can be nothing but light and perfection which is the literal meaning of Urim and Thummim.	□□
See the Following cassettes:
893 Norene Nicholls, "Bare The Heart etc"
896 Norene Nicholls/'A Vision of the Glory,# 3"
906 Norene Nicholls,"A Vision of the Glory,# 4"
918 Norene Nicholls, "Reconciliation of All Things"
907	Dan Henry, "Righteousness IS "
916 Dan Henry, "The Stones of Fire"
STAND ON THE THIRD DAY
C.S. Spring
Those readers of this message familiar with the literal identification of the Israel of Yahweh are aware of the marriage of the Nation of Israel to Yahweh as written in Exodus 19. Note how Yahweh says “I carried you on eagles wings and brought you to myself. . .” (verse 4) and that “you (Israel) will become to Me a Kingdom of priests, a Holy Nation” (verse 6). And in verse 8 the people of Israel (His Bride) responded with their vow saying “Everything Yahweh has said we will do. . .”. Following this Yahweh instructed Moses to ‘ ‘Go to the people and consecrate them today and tomorrow; have them wash their clothes and let them be ready for the third day”. . .
We are approaching the dawn of the Third Day. . .the third 1000 year period. . .from the time when a cloud carried the resurrected YeHoshua from the view of the Disciples (Acts 1:9). What can we expect to see and experience ‘ ‘at the coming of YeHoshua with all His saints” (I Thess. 3:13)?
The Book of Daniel has some excellent typology of the 10 Nation of Israel in, for instance, chapter 4 where the King (of that time) over all peoples, Nations and languages was made to live in the wilderness among the living creatures for seven (7) times. . .after which the “glory of my Kingdom, my Majesty and my Splendor also returned to me’’ (verse 36). In like manner Israel of old was sent into the wilderness for seven (7) times and is now looking for the manifested Sons of the Almighty Yahweh.
These Sons of Yahweh, The Elect, are also identified by type in Daniel, Chapter 1, as those who would not eat at the table or partake of the wine of the King of Babylon.
Note that this failure to eat of the Babylon menu made the Elect ten times more able. . . (verse 20).
But we know that Yahweh has had his Elect down through the Ages. So Revelation 6 indicates that those slaughtered for the sake of the Word of Yahweh and the Witness (verse 9) are beneath the altar in the presence of our Father. “And to each of them was given a white robe. . .until the number of their fellow servants and of their brethren. . .should be complete” (verse 11). See also Rev. 7:13-17.
There is also a Branch (Strong’s #1760) sprouting, bringing forth and growing, “splendid for the escapees of Israel” (Isaiah 4:2). “A Branch of righteousness shall spring forth from David; and He shall execute Judgment and Righteousness in the land” (Jeremiah 33:15). This Son Company is additionally identified and disclosed in Romans 8:19. . . ‘ ‘for the creation eagerly awaits the revealing of the Sons of Yahweh”.
Here we have another typology in Daniel 2; a mighty image arising through the ages. This image exemplifies all the evil in the world, terrible to look upon. “The head of the image was of fine gold; its breast and arms of silver; its belly and thighs of bronze; its legs of iron and partly of clay” (verse 33). And the image was manifested (bom) through the ages with the head representing the Babylonian Empire, the breast representing the Persian Empire, the belly representing the Grecian Empire, the thighs representing the Roman Empire, and the feet and toes of iron and clay representing the last of the Kingdom of men. During this last Kingdom “Yahweh of Heaven shall set up. . .a Kingdom which shall break in pieces and completely destroy all these Kingdoms” (verse 44) with “a stone cut from a mountain by no human hand’ ’ (verse 45).
I believe the Stone Kingdom mentioned in Daniel 2 is described for us in the message to the churches (the called-out or elect) from Revelation, Chapter 1. “Behold, He is coming in the clouds. . .” (verse 7), and as described in verses 13-15 was “one like the Son of Man”. His head and hair white as wool, white as snow and His eyes were a flame of fire”. . .words describing the Head of the Body of Saints, or YeHoshua the King. Note the image is covered with a robe that reached to the feet. . .Those covered and hid beneath the altar until the number of their fellow servants and brethren should be complete. And note also that His feet are exposed and not covered with the robe. . . ‘ ‘His feet were like precious ore as it glows in the furnace” (verse 15). And here again we go to Daniel 3 for typology. The Sons of Israel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, were thrown into a fiery furnace heated seven
times as hot as usual. They were accompanied in the furnace by another with “the appearance of the fourth like that of a Son of Elohim’ ’. Note particularly here that these Sons of the Most High came out of the fire in the same manner and with the same bodies. . .“their hair had not been singed, not their mantles damaged, nor was there any smell of burning about them’ ’.
This great Body of YeHoshua has been birthed through the ages following the literal birth of YeHoshua the Head in Bethlehem about 2000 years ago. . .are we not now about to see the Foot Company appear and withstand the fiery trial that the Kings of this day have prepared for the elect? It appears that when we see the manifested Sons walk through the fiery furnace prepared for the saints of this age, then the (male) Body of YeHoshua will stand up allowing the Bride (Israel) to be exposed and to identify her new husband. ‘ ‘For your true Husband is your Maker, Yahweh of Hosts is His name, and the Holy One of Israel is your Redeemer. . .(Isaiah 54:5). “On that day. . .you (Israel) will call me ‘ ‘my Husband’ ’ and not again will you say to me “my Baal” (Hosea 2:16).
However, the Bride (Israel) must be made ready with fine linen (Revelation 19:8) so that Israel can be married to their true Husband from which joining the seed will be produced to bless the world! At that time many Nations shall say ‘ ‘Come, let us go up to the mountain of Yahweh, to the House of the Elohim of Jacob, so He may teach us His ways. . .(Micah 4).
We who are the Sons of Jacob need to pray and plead with the Holy One of Israel that we are made ready for the Third Day.	□□
PEOPLE-POWERED GOVERNMENT
W. CLEON SKOUSEN Part of the genius of the Founding Fathers was their political spectrum or political frame of reference. It was a yardstick for the measuring of the political power in any particular system of government. They had a much better political yardstick than the one which is generally used today. If the Founders had used the modem yarstick of “-Communism on the left” and “Facism on the right,” they never would have found the balanced center which they were seeking.
What Is Left?
What Is Right?
It is extremely unfortunate that the writers on political philosophy today have undertaken to measure various issues in terms of political parties instead of political power. No doubt the American Founding Fathers would have considered this modem measuring stick most objectionable, even meaningless.
Today, as we mentioned, it is popular in the classroom as well as the press to refer to “Communism on the left,” and “Facism on the right.” The public do not really understand what they are talking about.
These terms actually refer to the manner in which the various parties are seated in the parliaments of Europe.
The radical revolutionaries (usually the Communists) occupy the far left and the military dictatorships (such as the Fascists) are on the far right. Other parties are located in between.
Measuring people and issues in terms of political parties has turned out to be philosophically fallacious if not totally misleading. This is because the platforms or positions of political parties are often superficial and structured on shifting sand. The platform of a political party of one generation can hardly be recognized by the next. Furthermore, Communism and Fascism turned out to be different names for approximately the same thing - the police state. They are not opposite extremes but, for all practical purposes, are virtually identical.
Founders Used A More Accurate Yardstick
Government is defined in the dictionary as “a system of ruling or controlling, ’ * and therefore the American Founders measured political systems in terms of the amount of coercive power or systematic control which a particular system of government exercises over its people. In other words, the yardstick is not political parties, but political power.
Using this type of yardstick, the American Founders considered the two extremes to be ANARCHY on the one hand, and TYRANNY on the other. At the one extreme of anarchy there is no government, no law, no systematic control and no governmental power, while the other extreme there is too much control, too much political oppression, too much government. Or, as the Founders called it, “tyranny.”
The object of the Founders was to discover the “balanced center” between these two extremes. They recognized that under the chaotic confusion of anarchy there is “no law,” whereas at the other extreme the law is totally dominated by the ruling power and is therefore “Ruler’s Law.” What they wanted to establish was a system of ‘ ‘People’s Law, ’ ’ where the government is kept under the control of the people and political power is maintained at the balanced center with enough government to maintain security, justice, and good order, but not enough government to abuse the people.
The Founders’ political spectrum might be graphically illustrated as follows:
RULER'S LAW	PEOPLES'	LAW	NO	LAW
RULER’S LAW The Founders seemed anxious that modem man recognize the subversive characteristics of oppressive Ruler’s Law which they identified primarily with a tyrannical monarchy. Here are its basic characteristics:
1.	Authority under Ruler’s Law is nearly always established by force, violence, and conquest.
2.	Therefore, all sovereign power is considered to be in the conqueror or his descendants.
11	3. The people are not equal, but are divided into classes
and are all looked upon as “subjects” of the king.
4.	The entire country is considered to be the property of the ruler. He speaks of it as his “realm”.
5.	The thrust of governmental power is from the top down, not from the people upward.
6.	The people have no unalienable rights. The “king giveth and the king taketh away. ’ ’
7.	Government is by the whims of men, not by the fixed rule of law which the people need in order to govern their affairs with confidence.
8.	The ruler issues edicts which are called ‘ ‘the law’ ’. He then interprets the law and enforces it, thus maintaining tyrannical control over the people.
9.	Under Ruler’s Law, problems are always solved by issuing more edicts or laws, setting up more bureaus, harassing the people with more regulators, and charging the people for these “services” by continually adding to their burden of taxes.
10.	Freedom is never looked upon as a viable solution to anything.
11.	The long history of Ruler’s Law is one of blood and terror, both anciently and in modem times. Under it the people are stratified into an aristocracy of the mler’s retinue while the lot of the common people is one of perpetual poverty, excessive taxation, stringent regulations, and a continuous existence of misery.
The Founders’ Attraction To People’s Law
In direct contrast to the harsh oppression of Ruler’s Law, the Founders, particularly Jefferson, admired the institutes of freedom under People’s Law as originally practiced among the Anglo-Saxons. As one authority on Jefferson points out: Jefferson’s great ambition at that time (1776) was to promote a renaissance of Anglo-Saxon primitive institutions on the new continent. Thus presented, the American Revolution was nothing but the reclamation of the Anglo-Saxon birthright of which the colonists had been deprived by a “long trend of abuses”. Nor does it appear that there was anything in this theory which surprised or shocked his contemporaries; Adams apparently did not disapprove of it, and it would be easy to bring in many similar expressions of the same idea in documents of the time. (Gilbert Chinard, Thomas Jefferson: The Apostle of Americanism, 2nd ed. rev. [Ann Arbor, Mich.: The University of Michigan Press, 1975], pp. 86-87.)
Characteristics of Anglo-Saxon Common Law or People’s Law
Here are the principal points of People’s Law as practiced by the Anglo-Saxon (see Colin Rhys Lovell, English Constitutional and Legal History [New York: Oxford University Press, 1962], pp. 3-50):
1.	They considered themselves a commonwealth of freemen.
2.	All decisions and the selection of leaders had to be with the consent of the people, preferably by full consensus, not just a majority.
3.	The laws by which they were governed were considered \ 2 natural laws given by divine dispensation, and were so well known by the people they did not have to be written down.
4.	Power was dispersed among the people and never allowed to concentrate in any one person or group. Even in time of war, the authority granted to the leaders was temporary and the power of the people to remove them was direct and simple.
5.	Primary responsibility for resolving problems rested first of all with the individual, then the family, then the tribe or community, then the region, and finally, the nation.
6.	They were organized into small, manageable groups where every adult had a voice and a vote. They divided the people into units of ten families who elected a leader; then fifty families who elected a leader; then a hundred families who elected a leader; and then a thousand families who elected a leader.
7.	They believed the rights of the individual were considered unalienable and could not be violated without risking the wrath of divine justice as well as civil retribution by the people’s judges.
8.	The system of justice was structured on the basis of severe punishment unless there was complete reparation to the person who had been wronged. There were only four “crimes” or offenses against the whole people. These were treason, by betraying their own people; cowardice, by refusing to fight or failing to fight courageously; desertion; and homosexuality. These were considered capital offenses. All other offenses required reparation to the person who had been wronged.
9.	They always attempted to solve problems on the level where the problem originated. If this was impossible they went no higher than was absolutely necessary to get a remedy. Usually only the most complex problems involving the welfare of the whole people, or a large segment of the people, ever went to the leaders for solution.
The contrast between Ruler’s Law (all power in the ruler) and People’s Law (all power in the people) is graphically illustrated below. Note where the power base is located under each of these systems. Also compare the relationship between the individual and the rest of society under these two systems.
RULER'S LAW	PEOPLE'S LAW	NO	LAW
IOON I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I iTYR ANNY)	^mm
OS
(ANARCHY)
NATIONAL
PROVINCIAL-STATE
MUNICIPAL
FAMILY
INDIVIDUAL
Anglo-Saxon Common Law Similar to Ancient Israel’s People’s Law
As the Founders studied the record of the ancient Israelites they were intrigued by the fact that they also operated
under a system of laws remarkably similar to those of the Anglo-Saxons. The two systems were similar both in precept and operational structure. In fact, the Reverend Thomas Hooker wrote the ‘ ‘Fundamental Orders of Connecticut’ ’ based on the principles recorded by Moses in the first chapter of Deuteronomy. These “Fundamental Orders” were adopted in 1639 and constituted the first written constitution in modem times. This constitutional charter operated so successfully that it was adopted by Rhode Island. When the English colonies were converted over to independent states, these were the only two states which had constitutional documents which readily adapted themselves to the new order of self-government. All of the other states had to write new constitutions.
Here are the principal characteristics of the People’s Law in ancient Israel which were almost identical with those of the Anglo-Saxons:
1.	They were set up as a commonwealth of freemen. A basic tenet was: “Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof.” (Leviticus 25:10)
This inscription appears on the American Liberty Bell and the new Freedom Bell.
Whenever the Israelites fell into the temptation to have slaves or bond-servants, they were reprimanded. Around 600 B.C., a divine reprimand wa given through Jeremiah: “Ye have not hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbor: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith Yahweh.” (Jeremiah 34:17)
2.	All the people were organized into small manageable units where the representative of each family had a voice and a vote. This organizing process was launched after Jethro, the father-in-law of Moses, saw him trying to govern the people under Ruler’s Law. (See Exodus 18:13-26.)
When the structure was completed the Israelites were organized as follows:	a
/ MOSES \
Vice President over Internal Allairs—/AARON - JOSHUAV—Vice President over the Military
/ COUNCIL OF SEVENTyX
/	(A	Senate)	\
/ELECTED REPRESENTATIVEsX
/_________(A Congress)__________________________\
/*600 GROUPS OF 1,000 FAMILIES^
/* 6,000 GROUPS OF 100 FAMILIEsX /* 12,000 GROUPS OF 50 FAMILIES^
/sixty thousand groups of io families'^
/MORE THAN	600 THOUSAND FAMILIES \
/ MORE THAN 3 MILLION PEOPLE WITH POWER \
/	TO GOVERN THEMSELVES	\
/	• Theie numbers are approximations based on the census recorded	\
/_______In the Hut chapter ot the book ol Numbers.__________ \
3.	There was specific emphasis on strong, local self-government.
Problems were solved to the greatest possible extent on the level where they originated.
The record says: “The hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves.” (Exodus 18:26)
4.	The entire code of justice was based primarily on repa- j ^ ration to the victim rather than fines and punishment by the commonwealth. (Reference to this procedure will be found in Exodus, Chapters 21 and 22.) The one crime for which no “satisfaction” could be given was first-degree murder. The penalty was death. (See Numbers 25:31.)
5.	Leaders were elected and new laws were approved by the common consent of the people. (See II Samuel 2:4; I Chr. 29:22; for the rejection of a leader, see II Chr. 10:16; for the approval of new laws, see Exodus 19:8.)
6.	Accused persons were presumed to be innocent until proven guilty. Evidence had to be strong enough to remove any question of doubt as to guilt. Borderline cases were decided in favor of the accused and he was released.
It was felt that if he were actually guilty, his punishment could be left to the judgment of Yahweh in the future life.
People’s Law Memorialized On Proposed U.S. Seal It was the original intent of the Founders to have both the ancient Israelites and the Anglo-Saxons represented on the official seal of the United States. The members of the committee were Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, and Benjamin Franklin.
They recommended that one side of the seal show the profiles of two Anglo-Saxons representing Hengist and Horsa. These brothers were the first Anglo-Saxons to bring their people to England around A.D. 450 and introduce the institutes of People’s Law into the British Isles. On the other side of the seal this committee recommended that there be a portrayal of ancient Israel going through the wilderness led by Yahweh’s pillar of fire. In this way the Founders hoped to memorialize the two ancient peoples who had practiced People’s Law and from whom the Founders had acquired many of their basic ideas for their new commonwealth of freedom. (See Gilbert Chinard, Thomas Jefferson: The Apostle of Americanism, p.86.)
As it turned out, all of this was a little complicated for a small seal, and therefore a more simple design was utilized. However, here isJa modem artist’s rendition of the original seal as proposed by Jefferson, Adams, and
As it turned out, all of this was a little complicated for a small seal, and therefore a more simple design was utilized. However, here is a modem artist’s rendition of the original seal as proposed by Jefferson, Adams, and Franklin.
Obviously, this is a segment of America’s rich heritage of the past which has disappeared from most history books.	□□
From “The Constitution” Magazine, P.O. Box 37110, Washington, D.C.20013
See the following: books.
B-601 America's Ultimate Weapon. $ 6.50 B-851 The Theft of a Nation. $ 8.00 B-870 Imperium. $ 8.00 A master-piece. B-871 Iron Curtain Over America. $ 6.00 B-901 Call It Conspiracy. $ 16.95 B-906 World of George Washington. $ 16.00 B-912 The United States of America. $ 16.00 B-970 THey Dare to Speak Out. $ 16.95 B-1014 Conspiracy to Enslave. $ 11.95 C-112 Wall Map. Israei-USA. $ 2.50
FINANCIAL WATCHMEN’S REPORT
April 1, 1986
CLOSING THE CIRCLE
It is a documented fact that the Communist Revolution in Russia was financed by the New York banks.
It is also a fact that except for the captive nations of Eastern Europe turned over to the Soviets by the U.S. and her allies at die end of WWII, the Soviet Union has used force to invade and conquer only one free and independent country - Afghanistan.
In two more instances the USSR has used force to reconquer breakaway countries already under her heel - and which were given to her by the U.S. - Hungary and Czechoslovakia.
This shows amazing restraint by the nation that has somehow, without really trying, managed to pull over half the world into the paw of communism.
By way of contrast, England in the last century would have fought several wars, invaded and annexed a half dozen nations in the same time frame.
Their amazing success is not due as much to their own inept and bungling efforts as it is to the efforts of the rulers of the United States to push these same unfortunate nations into the red net.
U.S. Complicity
We are logical beings. If we have facts we can reason. We can put two and two together.
It was the United States that sent Trotsky and his revolutionists to the USSR and financed them. Thus, the U.S. was instrumental in the creation of the USSR. It was the United States that insisted that Eastern Europe be turned over to the USSR at the end of WW II.
It was the United States that cut off aid to Chiang Kai-shek and stood back and allowed the communists to conquer China. It was the U.S. that demanded reform in Cuba which put Castro’s communists in power. It was the U.S. that sabotaged the reconquest effort at the Bay of Pigs and allowed the Cuban anti-communists to be slaughtered.
It was the United States government that canned General Mac Arthur when he tried to win the Korean War, and it was the U.S. rulers who ordered the U.S. Army to evacuate North Korea so that it could be turned over to communism. It was the U.S. government that helped in the assassination of the ruler of Vietnam and then turned that unfortunate nation over to communism and its subsequent bloodbath.
It is the U.S. government that has consistently refused
to help any of the resistance elements free their nations 14 from the communists who have taken them over.
It was the U.S. that insisted that Europeans withdraw and turn their African colonies one at a time over to communist rule. It is the U. S. that now insists that South Korea and South Africa “reform” knowing that in those nations the only reform movement is communist.
Two More Countries Lost Last Month
The U.S. media is now loudly rejoicing that only this last month two more nations have taken the fatal step. Baby Doc’s anti-communist nation of Haiti is being “reformed” and the anti-communist nation of the Philippines is being “reformed”. This last named country is the one referred to when Mr. Reagan said in his 1984 campaign that the “alternative” to Marcos was “a large communist movement to take over the Philippines’ ’.
It is the U.S. government that now casts its benign eye on the reds who wish to topple Pakistan and South Korea into the red net. It will be the U.S. government that will do its all to encourage these friendly nations to also ‘ ‘reform’ ’
- to take the reds into their governments - or turn their governments over to them.
Taxes
At the very same time the government of the United States speaks harshly against “Soviet aggression” it is doing everything in its power to promote world communism. How can it be that the native people of America can be violently anti-communist, as they are, and their government do the things that are not in the citizens’ best interests?
The answer is simply - taxes!
In America’s past, taxes were levied on foreign goods shipped into the U.S. There were also taxes on toll roads and bridges to make the people pay for the service they used. There was a sales tax.
The idea of a comprehensive income tax (or tribute) was considered unacceptable because the Christian religion frowns on such taxes:
“Of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers? Peter saith unto him. Of strangers. ” (Gr: allotrios - foreign, not akin.) Matt. 17:25-26 To take comprehensive income taxes or ‘ ‘tribute’ ’ from a people was to proclaim that the people were not the children of those ruling them.
Before the present income tax came into being the U.S. government developed the habit of borrowing money from the international bankers instead of printing and spending it into existence. This triggered the law:
The borrower is servant (slave) to the lender. Proverbs 22.7
In obedience to the above law our government representatives became slaves to the international banks that insisted that an income tax law be passed. It was. This tax was soon followed by an inheritance tax.
This inheritance tax forced Americans who had accumulated any sort of sizable estate to set up “trusts” to avoid the taxes.
Bank trust departments advertised themselves as the ones best equipped to handle these “complicated” trusts.
Trust Control
The largest part of most sizable estates is made up of corporate stock. The beneficiaries of the trusts receive the income from these stocks. The banks receive only a small fee for the management of these trusts.
But the most unpublicized piece of information in the nation is that bank trust departments have the right to vote this stock.
To gain a full understanding of the power that this gives the banks it must be realized that 45% of all corporate stock is held in trust at banks. A full thirty-five percent is held in New York banks.
In most cases only 10% is necessary for voting control. 45% voting power gives a 4 times overkill and allows the international banks almost absolute power over American corporations.
It also gives them absolute power over colleges and foundations which are dependent on these corporations for contributions. This answers the question so often asked why there are no “conservatives” in either corporate leadership or in colleges. ‘ ‘He who pays the piper calls the tune’ ’ and the tune is socialism (as it is called in this country) or communism (as we call it in other nations.)
Electing Men to Government
As with all other businesses, the American media (radio, TV, newspapers, magazines, etc.) has been converted into stock companies to avoid taxes. A large part of this stock is held in trust in American banks. This stock is voted by the banks. This gives the banks control of the media without having to own a single share of stock.
The result is that the only items given exposure by the media are those things and persons approved by the banks who vote the media stock.
It is extremely important that Americans realize this. The media has the power to ignore or publicize - to build up or pull down.
A George Washington or Thomas Jefferson would go unrecognized if the media gave them no exposure. No one would ever hear of them.
On the contrary, a Benedict Arnold can be, and often is, given hours of media exposure. His name becomes a household word. He is made to appear as grand and as noble as Robert E. Lee. When he is elected to office we are given the vision of a noble patriot who makes blunders because of bad advice.
In actual fact, a scheming traitor may have been placed in an important strategic position to determine the future of our nation. Rest assured, he will do what he was put in office to do. The record of surrender, retreat, blunder, and sellouts by the government of the United States confirms this. “In government nothing happens by accident. All things are made to happen.’’
The Grand Plan
The world conquest by communism is developing exactly according to Lenin’s plan.
What was Lenin’s plan? It was to gradually take over the countries surrounding the United States. When this was done the United States would fall like overripe fruit.
Our leaders have borrowed - they are “slaves” to the lender. This gave “strangers” control of our money and banking.
These slaves further obey their masters and violate The Law by taxing their own people for these masters. This gives their masters additional control of business and media.
These masters are now in positions where they supervise the management of our media, corporations and government. They direct the U.S. government. They instruct our government to aid the communist takeover of the “free world” and our government complies. It will soon be America’s turn.
Summary
Our enemies make little mistakes all the time. In time they will make a big one. They will not do to us as they have done to the rest of the world. We have Yahweh’s promise on this.
For those who have no plans, plans should be made. The survival preparations made by many ten years ago may be a good place to start. Insofar as possible, be prepared for eventualities that may range from famine to insurrection and overt government tyranny. Beware the cities. They are overflowing with hireling armies of our enemies. They are prone to violence and have been taught to hate us.
Each of us must live a day at a time. Put business affairs in order. Our investments must be prudent. The stock market rises - follow it. The market falls - T-bills or cash.
Remove yourselves from slavery by being debt free.
Study. Knowledge is power. The power of modem day Babylon that rules the world is frightful. The one thing greater is Yahweh’s Law. The Scriptures say that Babylon will fall and bum. It will. Yahweh speed the day! CD
PORTFOLIOS Investment Advisory Richard Kelly Hoskins, Ed.
P.O. Box 997, Lynchburg, VA 24505
See the following book.
B-951 War Cycle/Peace Cycle. $ 10.00
NEWS & EXPLANATIONS “Cause & Effect”
ELDON D. PURVIS What a year so far. Yahweh is using chaos and catastrophe to rule the affairs of men and nations. Here is a thought that you might want to consider from The Book of Jasher, page 242, “And the sojourning of the children of Israel in hard labor, was two hundred and ten years.” Since 1776 to 1986 is two hundred and ten years. We should be looking for our deliverance very soon. The first months of this year saw many shocking events.
The departing of Halley’s Comet at the end of March, the Third World debt tops $1 trillion dollars, U.S. becomes debtor Nation for first time since 1914. On March
31, 1986 a fire damaged priceless art in Hampton Court, which is the magnificent 16th Century Palace of Henry VHI. This Palace is owned by the Monarch. The Domesday Book, which was written 900 years ago. In the year 1066 A.D. William the Conqueror had an inventory taken of all property, cattle and art throughout the British Isles. This very important book is now in print for the first time and you will find it on the book list soon.
The Passover period was highlighted by many events; volcano in Alaska, earthquakes in San Francisco, CA, air crash in Mexico, oil below $10.00 a barrel, forest fires across the country, bankruptcies at an all-time high in Texas, and other Southern and mid-West states.
On April 15th, the U.S.A. bombers struck Libya. The Zionist world had finally turned the Anglo-Saxon peoples against the Arab world. Oddly, many Libyans are not Arabs, they are Berbers, a mixed Race through Ham-Phutt. The message that Libya sent to West Germany was in the Berber language and fortunately we had someone who could read the message and thus identify that a Libyan attack was in the works. We lit the fuse for great problems and wars to follow. Suddenly the T. V., religious televangelists started having great financial problems, laying off hundreds of people.
As we go through April and early May we find that Emperor Hirohito is 85 years old and he has been on the ‘ ‘Chrysanthemum Throne” for sixty years. In Great Britain, Her Majesty Queen Ezliabeth n, celebrated her sixtieth birthday and over thirty-four years on the Throne of David.
On April 25th Wallis Simpson, the Duchess of Windsor, died at age 89; the event announced on December 11, 1936 that shook the British Commonwealth and Empire for many years. King Edward VHI gave up the Throne for the woman he loved. The abdication of King Edward VIII took place 50 years ago. Few people realize that the Nations of Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa (which was a member of the Commonwealth at that time) threatened to leave the Commonwealth if the King married Mrs. Simpson. This would have brought about the breaking up of Ephraim’s Commonwealth of Nations - this wasn’t to be. Hallelu-YAH.
April 22, 1986 the Spanish King, Juan Carlos, and his Queen, visited Great Britain staying at Buckingham Palace as guests of Queen Ezliabeth II. The King became the first foreign Monarch to address a joint session of the British Parliament. He called for the return of British Gibraltar. Historically, Roman Catholic Spain and Protestant Britain have been enemies. The English glory in the moment ‘in 1588 when the Spanish Armada, bent on invasion, was decimated by ships under the command of Sir Francis Drake’. It is a story every British schoolchild is told, even today. The Armada was financed by the Papacy. Strange things are taking place.
On April 25 or 26, 1986 the Soviet meltdown at the Chernobyl power plant has the civilized world taking a second look at the Atomic energy programs. This event took place mid-way through this 70th Jubilee Year, Sept. 1985 through Sept. 1986. Seven years ago, March 28, 1979, which was mid-way through the 70th Jubilee for the Elect, Sept. 1978 through Sept. 1979. This seven year
15
period between these two events is very significant. (Read Pyramid Today in this issue for more details.) The first meltdown was minor for the Elect and second in the USSR was a sign to the world. You remember that when we lost the Spacecraft Challenger, with the seven crew members, the Russians launched a Spacecraft and invited the whole world to see their great success and also to lord it over the American “Israel” Nations. I believe that our Father Yahweh didn’t take kindly to the Russian revenge against America “Israel” and revenge was turned against our enemies of the Soviet Empire. Food for thought.
It is being reported that President Reagan might resign before his term is up. This would put George Bush in the White House and I would like to give you something to think about. Remember when President Kennedy was running for office in the 60’s and the talk about him being under the influence of the Papacy? We have a comparable problem with George Bush in the White House. He is an Episcopalian and living in the Diocese of Washington he would be under the religious guidance of Bishop Walker, who is Black. Strange -1 wonder if our Father Yahweh will permit this.
Here is a quote from a strange source. Gore Vidal is one of America’s greatest historians and he lashes out at supporters of the Israelies:
Vidal charges that to support Israel ‘in its never-ending wars against just about everyone”, lobbyists for military spending on Israel ‘ ‘make common cause with our lunatic right.” He accused Podhoretz and Dector of being wilfully blind to certain shameful episodes in our own history (“Predatory people. . .busy stealing other people’s land in the name of an alien theocracy”) because in Vidal’s view Israel is guilty of doing just that . The Zionists will be after him.
4/28/86 “Iranian Arms Sale Scheme Staggering”, Av-raham Bar-Am Israeli Brigadier General, claims Israeli’s were aware of a large arms conspiracy. We have some unusual friends.
5/4/86 Delta Rocket Explodes. Since the January 28th Challenger disaster we have been unable to launch our
much needed space equipment. Do you suppose Yahweh is curbing our activities in His Heavens?
5/31/86 Woman vies to be Bishop. The Rev. Mary Chotard Doll may become the Episcopal Church’s first female Bishop in a May 31st election. Doll, 46, of Cincinnati, is a finalist to become Assistant Bishop of Washington, D.C. Diocese. The present Bishop is Bishop Walker, who is Black, and now comes the possibility of a female Bishop as second in charge.
I would like to help you in regarding the Washington National Cathedral in Washington, D.C. This House of Prayer for America has three rolls to fill. First of all, there are three “Cathedras” in this Cathedral and that is why a building is called a Cathedral - it houses the chair (Cathedra) of a Bishop. The first wooden Bishop’s chair is for the local Bishop of Washington, D.C., who is Bishop Walker, with a large Black following. The second wooden Bishop’s chair is for the presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church throughout the whole American membership. The third chair is not made of wood but of stone from the ruins of Glastonbury Abbey in Glastonbury, Somerset, England, where Saint Joseph of Arimathea founded the faith around 35 A.D. Guess Who might use this third Stone Chair or Throne?
Sin brings judgment and repentance. Billy Graham will be preaching at the Washington Convention Center in the Nation’s Capital. This is the first time in many years that a prominent man like Graham has held such a meeting. Pray that this will spark a wave of repentance across America-Israel.
Dear Friends, I hope this way of reporting the news with explanation, ‘cause and effect’, will be helpful and interesting. Please let me know. Perhaps you have some news that should be passed on to our readers. Yahweh is our only protection from this ‘cause and effect’.' May the blood of our Saviour, YeHoshua the Messiah, cover you from all harm .	□□
See the following book:
B-1015 Domesday Book, (900 years old. $24.95
16
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENTS:	"YAHWEH	IS OUR SALAVATION AND PROTECTION "
YAHWEH'S FEAST DAYS FOR 1986. FEAST OF HARVEST, Sunday, May 25th. FEAST OF TRUMPETS - Tuesday, Sept 23rd.. DAY OF ATONEMENT, Thursday, October 2nd. FEAST OF TABERNACLES, Tuesday, October 7th. THE LAST GREAT DAY, Tuesday, October 14th, 1986.
TRACTS AVAILABLE:	We	have	nine	excellent	tracts	that	are	listed	on page 7 of the April
book list. These tracts are very helpful for Israel's awakening. Pass them around.
FEAST OF TABERNACLES GATHERING : October 7th, (Tuesday evening) through October 14th. Probably in the Lexington, KY area. Speakers, Dan Henry, Ron Poch, Ernestine Young, Frank Crawford,Bruce G. McCarthy, Ralph Barney and others. REMEMER THIS IS THE TIME WE EXPECT SPECIAL REVELATIONS ABOUT YAHWEH'S THIRD DAY WORK. HALLELU-YAH.
AUTHORS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR VIEWS EX PRESSED.
NEW BEGINNINGS® IS PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY NEW BEGINNINGS INC. 20 FAIRWAY HILLS, WAYNESVILLE, N C 28786. MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 228, WAYNESVILLE, NC. 28786. TAX EXEMPT FOR CONTRIBUTIONS SENT ON FREEWILL OFFERING BASIS. ELDON D. PURVIS, LH.D. EDITOR. YeHOSHUA IS COMING SOON. (704) 456-
3628