PASSOVER GATHERING” APRIL 3,4,5,6th (15 ABIB)^ SEE PAGE 12
k
NEW BEGINNINGS
YAHWEH THE ALMIGHTY COVENANT ONE OF ISRAEL
FEBRUARY 1980, VOL. 10 NO. 2
“SONSHIP-ORDER OF MELCHISEDEC AND ISRAEL

88888 CONTENTS 888888888888888888888888888888888888r'’<\ I , f
r'Oi
SONSHIP & ISRAEL.................Page	1
WORLD NEWS.......................Page	4
MESSIAH IS COMING................Page	5

mn
/ hs
s'
88888888888888888888ELDON I). PIJKVIS, EDITOR 88888 WHAT THE READERS ARE SEEING................Page	6
9 K 1 * * t v
'■'/n > 11 \\\xX
Yahweh
THE RACIAL RIVER OF YAHWEH.......Page 6
PASSOVER GATHERING..................Page	12
P*
SPECIAL NOTES The War started in the fall of 1979 in Puerto Rico, Cuba, Tehran, Afghanistan and other places around the globe. It will slowly unfold and one thing to watch is the Olympic Games; if they are completely cancelled the Russians will have no reason to hold back on their plans of conquest. Yahweh has other plans.
With these things in mind, you should seek Yahweh’s guidance for the things that you should stock up while they are available at any price. Inflation, money collapse or transportation interruption will take their turn and you should be prepared for this crisis that will overtake Israel-America and Canada, Britain, etc. We, at New Beginnings, want to stock up on paper for the next twelve issues plus cassettes and other supplies. A friend just supplied us with a year’s supply of large and small envelopes which we use in the monthly mailings. 1 believe that Yahweh will permit us to send New Beginnings throughout whatever crisis overtakes America.
Back in 1972, many people told us we were crazy when we reported what to expect over the following seven years through 1979 and afterwards. I don’t get those letters any more, although a few can’t see that the war has commenced or that the US Dollar is fast becoming worthless and that America faces the greatest crisis in its history right NOW. Time will tell. In view of the latest Russian moves, I have re-ordered 500 copies of the ‘‘Coming Russian Invasion” and would like to have made it a thousand but the price has increased over 35% in six months. I thank Yahweh for His blessings and direction for the Sons who are being prepared to rule and reign in the Kingdom.
One of the greatest needs today, particularly among Identity teachers, pastors and believers, is to understand the Overcoming Life. Many who know Identity inside and out will NOT RULE IN THE KINGDOM but will only be citizens. The saddest thing is to see teachers and pastors who don’t have proper order in their own homes; many have wives who are not co-workers but dominate in the ministry. There is much carnality and self-righteousness, along with personal kingdom building. Pray that Yahweh will help you to understand that ‘‘He Who Overcomes Will Rule in His Kingdom”. Overcome the flesh, the tongue, pride, puffed-up knowledge. . .It is far better to be wrong with the right spirit than to be right with the wrong spirit. The humble, not the arrogant, the prodigal and not the self-righteous sons are the ones Yahweh is preparing for His Ruling Body. Halleiu-Yah,
The 1980 ‘‘Passover Gathering” will be April 3-4-5-6 at the Terrace Hotel, Lake Junaluska Assembly Grounds, Waynesville, North Carolina in the Smoky Mountains. (See Special Bulletin).
Editor, Eldon Purvis.
************* * H ALLELU - Y AH * *************
SONSHIP (ORDER OF MELCIIISEDECj & ISRAEL
Some people through ‘tradition’ would say that it is blasphemy to say that the Lord Jesus is not the complete fulness of the Christ. Listen, if this were not so, there would be no purpose to this last 2000 years because the fulness of the Christ (which
includes the Body) would have been complete at the Lord Jesus death, burial and resurrection and there would now be no place for you in the Body of the Christ. But you ARE part of the Body IF you have so entered in! The Purpose of this Age is to complete the Body of Christ and to reveal to this Body the impact of its fulness. As you grow in the Christ, the Spirit of God teaches you ever deeper truths concerning the fulness of the Body. In essence, you are growing toward the fulness of the Adoption- -that is, from the relation condition toward the position realm.
As pointed out in Matthew 3:16, 17 previously quoted, the Lord Jesus Christ shows us the example of making the complete transition from a Son by relation status into the fulness of the Adoption- -into the position realm! He, the Head of the Body, is the only One thus far to so enter in. The entrance of the rest of the Body is soon to occur. We are so near the end of this present age. Observe your newspapers, plus the rest of the news media and anyone with just a little Bible prophecy study will know we are about to see an age transition! Bible rhrnnolopv shows that as early as three years from now we can be rejoicing in the
manifestation of the position state of the adoption- -the completed Body of Christ!
Now let us approach the subject of the Adoption from a slightly different angle.
Remember, my Christian friend, that you are being “tutored” for your Royal Calling! You are to function within a “royal priesthood”! (1 Peter 2:9). You are part of the Order of Melchisedec IF you so enter in! Paul tells us that:
", . .the FORERUNNER is for us entered, even Jesus. . .after the ORDER OF MELCHISEDEC.” (Hebrews 6:20)
If the Lord Jesus Christ (of whom we are a part in Body) is the “forerunner” of this Melchisedec King-priesthood, then we, as part of His Body, also enter in. The very word “forerunner” connotates other “runners” to follow. Listen, this Royal Priesthood is for those who simply want to go all the way with the LORD. By the exercise of your God-dedicated will, you can culminate all inner battles, ending any internal strife you have, simply by vowing to the LORD:
“All that the LORD hath said will I do and be obedient.” (Ex.24:7)
By so doing, a settling will come upon you that will be, as the Book of Hebrews says:
“. . .(a) confirmation. . .(that will be the). . end of all strife.” (Hebrews6:16)
If you truly mean business with the LORD, it certainly will end your striving. Again, it doesn’t mean that you won’t have problems, but what will happen is that you will find yourself on top of them overcoming each one!
The Promise of the Overcomer!
| TO HIM THAT OVERCOMETH will 1 give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the Paradise of God. (Rev, 2:7)
2.	HE THAT OVERCOMETH shall not be hurt of the second death. (Rev. 2:11)
3.	TO HIM THAT OVERCOME! H will 1 give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that
see a repetition of Afghanistan, probably both in Turkey jjiitifl Iran. Next will follow the great Jerusalem issue with Egypt still attempting to support her peace with Isrnel but Lybia probably actually joining the Warsaw Pact * * of which Ethiopia . is already virtually a member.
Then (notwithstanding the Rhodesia device) the Terrorists will p attempt to stop chrome from reaching the West and for that, and other reasons. South Africa will be compelled to intervene in Rhodesia.
A VERY GRAVE SITUATION If Western statesmen had not preached detente for 15 years thus relaxing public opinion and causing conventional disarmament Russia would not have dared her present military adventures.
But save for nuclear devices (which none dare employ) Russia now possesses such vast conventional superiority that she can do as she pleases and we possess no means to stop her. Indeed save for empty words we don’t even try. We still feed her, we export weapon technology, and we feed her morale with the Olympic Games.
We are absolutely mad. Had the Russian Embassy in Iran been invaded (as observed the Soviet Ambassador in Iran) 45 minutes later Teheran would have ceased to exist. The Ambassador pulled out his watch when he made that observation to the Iranian authorities.
The West is paralysed. Russia is not. Carter says his eyes were opened in 7 days, recently. Ours have been open for 40 years. Possibly many of our readers now have open eyes.
Afghanistan, Ethiopia, Angola, Cuba, South Yemen, all now have Soviet forces in control, not to speak of Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, the Baltic States and East Germany. Next it will be Turkey. Iran and England. Repeat (again repeat) England. Docs the British Government propose to call out the Metropolitan Police to deal with 20 airborne Soviet forces? It possesses nothing else. It can’t deal with 1500 IRA terrorists in Ulster. It talks, wrings its hands and makes silly Foreign Office noises.
The personnel of the Foreign Office is quite expert at interior decoration for pro homosexual society ladies’ London flats and on Regency furniture. It. is absolutely otherwise useless. The Home office is corrupt and useless. Expert only in lies, false presentations (when it suits) and obscurantist stupidity.
If possible the Americans are that much worse. What on earth has possessed them? Vietnam is no excuse for national suicide upon which (it would appear) that great Nation is determined. The Russians, of course, think we are mad. We are. Not only have we stripped ourselves almost naked, we have risked the absolutely vital Rhodesia and we insult the equally important South Africa instead of quietly awaiting a natural evolution of social occurrences in that great country.
What England now requires is compulsory National Territorial Service and a mass of conventional weaponry plus every conceivable measure and device to produce fighter aircraft.
America needs ships - - all and every sort of ship because she must at all costs regain control of the seas - I without it she can honour no commitment whatsoever.
ACTION IN AFGHANISTAN Optimists assert that the English encountered great military problems in their 19th century Afghan campaigns and that it will rr-v" s? Pj'jma : rertmm.
t'ty	9ifssia''.pncpni *
the utter nonsense Canvassed by Western optimists once upon a time.
One thing and one thing only will stop Russia: viz total Super Power resistance. By Super Power we mean Super Power at its ultimate. Think that out for yourself. At Its ultimate. Repeat,
The alternative is total surrender and total occupation of every key strategic area on this planet. If the Establishment wants that it is an experience they will soon have unless they heed what this office says.
We need 10,000 tanks in Britain alone - - not steel strikes and other similar insane activities. We need every ounce of total American production, not an insane recession. We need total civil defences against possible nuclear attack (however unlikely such form of attack). We need total defence measure without delay.
You will see. We hope not too late.
SPECIAL REPORT FROM A.P. - 1/2/80 (JERUSALEM) - - THE MESSIAH IS COMING
That’s the rumor buzzing through the extreme orthodox community of Israel, anyway.
According to Israeli News Reports, three leading Rabbis - -highly respected for their learning in Jewish mysticism - - had the same dream on the same night. They dreamed that the last great battle on earth would be waged during April of this year, ushering in the Millenium.
Some reports say the Rabbis dreamed the clash between the mythical monsters Gog and Magog would narrowly head off a nuclear holocaust between the superpowers. Others say the great clash has already taken place and the Messiah will arrive peacefully.
The Rabbis who had the strange dream (Israel Abu Hatseira - - known as “The Gate of Sali” Mordechai Sharabi; and the sage known as “The Lord and Teacher of Klhuzenburg’’) could not be reached for comment.
But when asked when the Messiah would come. Rabbi Ephraim Manella responded with an ancient Jewish proverb:
“Those who tell, don’t know. Those who know, don’t tell.” AP-MP-0102 1324CST
MORE NEWS FROM ‘DAILY NEWS DIGEST’
SADAT SAYS U.S. LOSING:	As	recorded	in our video
newscenter, the Digest captured the remarks of Egypt’s Anwar Sadat as interviewed by Walter Cronkite. It was a powerful statement, ignored by both the other TV networks and by most of the major newspapers.
Cronkite credited Sadat with saying that “the West is at war with the Soviet Union, in a war to control the Middle East, particularly the Persian Gulf’s great oil reserves, and the U.S. is losing that battle.”
Said Sadat: “I wonder if you recognize the fact that the battle of energy, of the survival of the whole Western civilization has started? Why, whatever you do - • if it is economic boycott, economic seige or a military action to release the hostages, or any other action - - there will be repercussions on all the oil in the oil Gulf states.”
Cronkite: “So the battle has started?"
Sadat: “Has aireadv started Whatever vou do! Am’ nntrJ liis, juoie me on f!ns, V liter: v .
,r
M
MMrr
6
The final battle for the United States of America has begun on the island of Puerto Rico and will spread to the mainland during the coming year of presidential and congressional political campaigning. The destruction of a $40 million oil refinery and the brutal terrorist killing of two and the wounding of 10 other American naval personnel, including women, on this US outpost are the first of many signs indicating that the Kremlin-backed and Cuban-trained terrorists have opened the “guerrilla warfare" phase of the final campaign to disrupt the US economy and destroy our national will to protect the US.
Directed from Moscow, this multi-pronged attack, with its deeply entrenched “fifth column” in the US government, media, private foundations and political parties, is carefully shaped to destabilize this country’s political institutions and weaken the nation abroad during the coming 18 to 24 months. Principal objective of this anti-US campaign is to change the balance of power in the world so overwhelming in favor of the Soviet Union by mid-1981 that the men in the Kremlin and their comrades in the West will be able to dictate terms of our surrender and that of our allies. (Paul Scott column, 12/79)
JAMES SIBBETs Let’s Talk Silver & Gold, 12/27/79, discusses the current prices of gold and silver and notes: “What is currently important is not the price level but the rate of rise.” He predicts these metals will rise at the rate of 72% per month for silver and 40% for gold. Sibbet says eventually (1982) “all commodities will behave like Silver as the Dollar declines into oblivion and the money lenders get wiped out.” (61 South Lake Ave., Pasadena, Ca. 91101, $50)
MARK TIER: World Money Analyst, January, offers his outlook for the ‘80’s. He advises readers to exchange all paper assets in “core” holdings for gold or silver and “By the end of 1980, plan to be out of paper money entirely except for trading purposes. Reduce cash balances as near a practical to zero.” Tier believes one should have at least 30% of assets in gold or silver by June 1980 as paper currencies are dying, including the Swiss franc. His outlook for the ‘80’s in general and 1980 in particular is grim. (1914 Asian House, One Hennessy Road, Hong King, $95) MID-EAST WAR COMING?: The following is excerpted from the Jeffrey Hart column (Manchester Union Leader, 12/7/79, p. 25):
There will be a major war between the US and the Soviet Union sooner, rather than later. It will be focused on the Persian Gulf area. It will be principally a naval and air war. It will be short, violent and expensive and it need not turn into a world war. At stake will be the economic survival of Western Europe and the strategic isolation of the US.
The pace of events indicates that it will come within a year or so. The likely end of the war is difficult to foresee. The Soviets could afford to lose it - - no Soviet interest is at stake. The US could not afford to lose it. Economic survival is at stake. We could come to regret the decisions (that have been made in Washington) that put us at a disadvantage in modern ,'onventional air and sea power.
************* *HALLELU-YAH* ************
WHAT THE READERS ARE SEEING -10/7/79
Comments: This letter arrived in October and 1 did not have space in the next couple of issues. However, when I saw the headlines in the ‘Charlotte Observer’, January 6, 1980, “THE 2 WEEKS THAT SHOOK THE WORLD”, I went back to the letter and realized that what was seen by the writer was most interesting.	Editor,	Eldon	Purvis
Dear Eldon:
The following is the text of an item in U.S. News & World Report of June 29, 1979 in the section: News You Can Use.
REMEMBERING JOHN WAYNE. The U.S. Mint now is accepting mail orders for congressionally authorized bronze medals honoring the late John Wayne but it may be up to six months before the medals are ready for delivery. A 3-inch medal. No. 666 on the Mint’s medal list, will sell for $8.00 over the counter and $8.30 my mail. A 1 5/16-inch medal. No. 667, will sell for $1.00 over the counter and $1.10 by mail. The medals can
be bought in person at Mint sales offices in San Francisco, Denver and Philadelphia or at the Treasury Department in Washington, D.C. Mail orders can be sent with check or money order payable to the Bureau of the Mint. The address: Bureau of the Mint, 55 Mint Street, San Francisco, Calif. 94175. Mail ordcjl prices include postage and handling.	"
The symbolic meaning, I’m sure, will not evade you. Perhaps, in addition to being a sign for us, it is also a chronological promise of things in natural realms to have come to pass by the end of December.
1 received the Oct. New Beginnings yesterday and read ‘What the Readers Are Seeing’ with interest. Perhaps it is a confirmation, in a way, of some of my conclusions, specifically, that around June 20 the midday of the year, all things were completed in spiritual dimensions. I have become less interested -than formerly in looking for dates for fulfillments as 1 feel that now all things are made available to those of us who believe fully.
Neh. 8:3 & 4 - - the law has been read to us until midday. Neh. 8:8 & 7 - - the understanding of the law has been given. Neh. 8:9 & 10 - - the governor said to the people, “Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our Lord: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of Yahweh is your strength.”
The above took place on the 1st day of the 7th month, also the middle of the year.
Incidentally, in case you are not aware, consider that as we grow from the Israelite (natural, bride, moon) realm into the sonship realm (spiritual, masculine, sun) we should follow the solar rather than the lunar calendar.
This is just a very quick note and I hope you can sort through what I’ve written and derive some value from it.
Sincerely, B.P.
************* *HALLELU-YAH* ************* THE RACIAL RIVER OF YAHWEH
In the midst of the course of events through which we are passing and in which we are also participants, there is nothing more important in the seat of your conscience and mine than to know both our relationship to our Father and His plan for the Universe. We have discussed this from many angles and it cannot be over-emphasized as to the majesty of Yahweh’s Sovereignty and the greatness of His purpose nor of His intent to establish His Kingdom in the earth forever. Nor that this Kingdom is His purpose, His blueprint and His outline and that we are a part of that Kingdom, as His children and His heirs. As such, this is our Kingdom by inheritance as the Apostle Paul tells us in the Book of Ephesians. (Eph. 1). Which by the very acts of Yahweh, in His own nature, He has insured unto us that this inheritance shall be preserved. We are not heirs of the Kingdom of Yahweh as strangers to whom it has been willed but heirs to this Kingdom as His sons by whom we are the rightful heirs because we are His offspring. There is nothing more important for us to realize than that these critical periods through which we are passing, this great challenge unto our Nation and to each one of us as individuals, is the actual time and prophecy which has arrived and thus we are participants. We are not merely bystanders watching a great tableau nor are we looking at the painting of a picture. We are looking at the scene of events in which each one of us are not merely observers but participants and as such we are the main actors of this scene in the picture. For what you are now witnessing in the earth has become virtually the theatre of the Universe. In the great struggle for the earth, of which we are well aware today, is the design of Lucifer and the forces of darkness to permanently dominate the earth and all that relates to it and to eventually overthrow the powers of righteousness which have been developed in earth since the days of the coming of the Adamic race.
This struggle has intensified since Yahweh’s Covenant Race has grown to this position of power it now holds and tries to maintain in the earth today. There will never be a ceasing of
hostilities or of action upon the world scene nor will there be a cessation of the forces of darkness and the powers of righteousness, with their patterns of vibrations being in conflict in the earth, until righteousness has triumphed and until the ^ powers of righteousness has conquered over the darkness and W the Kingdom of YAHWEH Almighty has come to its full pattern.
There is nothing which has happened from the creation of the earth unto our time that has been a surprise to OUR FATHER. There is nothing which has taken HIM by surprise in the pattern of these events but there arc lots of things connected with living in these times which require evaluation. A lot of people would like to live through a perfectly peaceful and tranquil period. They want to see the whole world at peace and everybody getting along; in fact, they don't want to be disturbed by doing anything about the conditions in their environment. I can assure you that irrespective of how much tranquility or how much peace you may want and how you do not want to get involved as an individual in what is taking place in the world today, still you can no more eliminate yourself as an individual of Yahweh’s Household from these circumstances than you can affect the course of nature or the rotation of the earth or of the coming and going of the day. Because you are a part and parcel of Yahweh’s purpose you are not only a member of His Household, children of His Kingdom, but you are a part of HIS Divine Family.
We pause from time to time to think as to how many times the scripture makes these identifications for us. We think of these words in the book of Ephesians (3:15) which say: "Of whom" referring to the Eternal YAHSHUA (Jesus) - - YAHWEH, the Embodied Almighty "of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named". The most important area is that HE shall grant unto you "The Riches of His Glory”. “That you might be strengthened with might of His Spirit, in the inner man". Why? So that you might accomplish the purpose for which you have been sent here as sons and daughters to occupy the earth and to consummate the building of the Kingdom.
As we talk about the building of the Kingdom we are well aware that this talk is perfectly acceptable to the opposition as long as this Kingdom is somewhere in the area of spiritual ideas that never come to anything but a concept of something in other dimensions outside the earth. As we say this, remember that spiritual ideas are good ideas and spiritual ideas are true ideas for all ideas that are true move from Yahweh through the spirit to the seat of consciousness. But many, as they refer to spiritual ideas, are talking about something far away and never translated into a physical world and thus is no real challenge to the occupation of the earth by the powers of darkness.
I want you to realize that the only areas in which you may separate the spiritual and the physical is in the dimension of the formation of the elements which comprise it. The physical creation, the physical Universe, is also an electronic Universe and is stabalized by patterns of intelligence and law. This is the dimension in which these things should appear. In which this very body that you dwell in finds its substance where it can be touched, or handled, or where its senses function and operate; this is material.But beyond that this is as far as we may refer to the fact that the ideas and materials involved in it are material.
The opposition to Yahweh’s Kingdom comes from a World Order without spiritual capacity. It comes from a World Order aligned with darkness which designs to control the physical Universe and all the physical dimensions within a physical Universe which is visible or can be seen with the senses. Those of the World Order think as a natural man thinks and the Apostle Paul said that the natural man cannot understand the wisdom and the mysteries of Yahweh’s purpose. For he is not endowed with spiritual power and he does not understand spiritual things.
I hen the Apostle Paul tells us that the spirit which we received as we came into earth as the household of Yahweh is not the spirit which besets the natural man because you are not of earth, although you are here in natural bodies. What do I mean by that?
I mean that you are children of the Eternal Kingdom, you are children of LIGHT AND LIFE, children of Yahweh. We are not as those who received the spirit of the world for we have received the spirit of Yahweh. We have not only received the spirit which
7 thinks in the wave length of Yahweh’s thoughts but as offspring, as children of His household, we are spirit of His spirit and LIFE OF HIS LIFE.
If wc were to go into the most ancient writings of our race you would discover that among the earliest of these records and traditions, it was known to such patriarchs as Enoch and Job and was know also to Moses in the days of his study, as to the things which had gone before.Then, inspired of Yahweh, Moses was to write of these things and he realized that there was a very important purpose for the Adamic race, that there was something special and set apart about THIS RACE. He realized that they had capacities and understanding which was not in the possession of other people and of other races in the earth at that time. 1 think it is most significant that we find out from the writings of Enoch this declaration of the fact that Yahweh, who put the Universe together and from whose presence moves LIGHT and all energy and power, that from HIM also, in His Grace, goes forth his area of restitution for all areas of his creation and even to the earth where Lucifer has challenged his power. Enoch was to say: HE sent forth as a river His household. Thus, we find that Enoch talks about the household of Yahweh coming to earth in a continual stream starting with the revelation of Adam and coming on down to our time. This was to be a Great River of LIFE and significantly it was for a Divine purpose and Yahweh has revealed that purpose to His children. The Apostle Paul in his "Apocalypse" catches this vast panorama of the tremendous scale of Yahweh’s plans for this earth. The Apostle Paul was writing in his "Apocalypse of things shown to him of Yahweh as he stood in HIS Presence. Then Paul says that there were thousands and millions of people who were coming and going throughout the Universe, from the throne of Yahweh, and that they were like Rivers of LIGHT coming and going from the presence of The ETERNAL FATHER. When asked about them the Father said: "these art thy brethren, they are My children and My offspring. 1 have sent a stream of MY LIFE into the earth to build My Kingdom so that a "TREE OF LIFE MIGHT EXTEND OVER THE EARTH". By My Kingdom will come righteousness and the healing of the Nations.
1 think this becomes more clear as we read in the 22nd chapter of Revelation as John catches the vision. John said the Angel showed him a PURE RIVER OF LIFE, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of the ETERNAL YAHWEH. In this picture, which John was seeing, is the symbol of his complete atonement (the lamb) but he does see this great River of Life. What is John talking about as he writes of this River of Life? He is talking about the RACE STREAM of the MOST HIGH YAHWEH. If you will go clear through the structure of the Old Testament you will note that the scriptures refer constantly to the Racial Stream.
We find people today talking about racial streams but they do not seem to realize that there are different streams for they want to bring them all together and adulterate them. The old word was not adultery as we use it today, it was the mixing or cohabitating of the racial streams and the old word was where we get our word of adultery which is used today. When we go into the pattern of Divine revelation unveiled by both Enoch and the Apostle Paul, this great stream of Divine Light directed to this particular planet is a RACE STREAM.
When Yahweh talks about this Assyrian Empire in the 31st chapter of Ezekiel He talks about how great this mighty tree of the Empire of Assyria became because of the size of its race stream and because of the mighty waters of His race. As we look at all the people of Asia, and if they would start to pass before you, it would look like a mighty continual flowing river of people. This race stream is large because of the numbers of them and because of their antiquity. After all, they have been here a good many hundreds of thousands of years longer than you have and thus today are a mighty stream. There have been catastrophies which have overwhelmed them and they violated Divine law and this upset of balance, and of even the vibratory force of the Universe, has been by the activities of The Darkness which p shaken the Universe. There have been struggles and there P been uses of principals in violation of law which have prof1
about the tremendous demonstrations oi me purpose 01 i nr, FATHER in a wave length of Light and the understanding of creative intelligence that flowed through his children, throughout the Universe and especially of the status of the sons' thinking, in coordination of the Father, who were higher than all the Angelic hosts.
No wonder, then, that as the Apostle Paul was writing m Hebrews that he says this: • “That when Y'ahwch Himself tame to earth He took upon himself a body of flesh like unto you. mj that He might be like His kinsmen, his brethren (family) For Hr did not take upon Himselt the form of an Angel for to whnh of the Angels has He ever said: * I hou art My son*?** Ibis is jusi a reflection of the experience which Paul had The Angels are not Yahwch’s offspring but sometimes, in the wumgl> iiansUtcd King James Version of the scriptures, the word admimstcung spirits is used, it is translated as Angels when it does refer to offspring. The Angels were a separate and distinct ttcaiu*n and never did He refer to them as ‘My Son*. Not did Yahwcli look down on Africa or Asia and say of those people I hou are Mi offspring*. They are children of Creation and. as such, this is the ONE Sovereign YAHWEH in all the Universe. A God of such Greatness and such Majesty that IttS ION I amt His Mercy and His Great Determining Purpose rout hed out to the corners of the Universe and He has determined and willed that He will develop and make the Universe to prosper. He wilt expand lb« areas I His creation, out of the greatness of His Goodness, and Hts Grace is absolutely sufficient for He can save to the uttermost His Salvation includes the re balancing of any part of His Universe which is out of orbit. He will add to the ingredients of their environment any necessary kind ot energy to bring them through this re balancing.
There is something you need to know today which is that you. as the children of Y’ahweh, are still in bodies of flesh but that STREAM OF CELESTIAL LIFE which is in you marks the difference in you and other races. Though you build kingdoms in the earth such as Britain did, or America, or South Atrica. still all of the Nations of the White Western World stand together as Yahweh’s Great and Mighty “Empire Tree**. It doesn’t matter if you don’t like imperialism, still our Father rules the Universe and His Empire is known as “THE KINGDOM OF YAHWEH and 1 don’t like anything else.
There is one thing that you can be very sure of and that is that the Almighty shall bring to completion every purpose and plan He has ordained from the beginning. The Celestial seed
possesses spiritual capacities and the physical body has w ithin it all the patterns which the physical senses may produce for all people but you, of this Celestial seed, have more than any other people upon the face of the earth and this is Nutrition of Heaven. For there flow s out upon the earth the continual transference of Celestial posterity to earth of children begotten before the world was framed.
Yahweh sends forth an emination of light-energy substance like a stream and the Almighty Yahweh is referred to as the
source of that Stream. He then is the bearer of “THE STREA OF LIFE”. This is what Enoch saw as he said light was movi out of the Throne of Yahweh into every direction. He said th this was the energy of "THE LIGHT OF LIFE”. Therefore, tl stream of “THE LIGHT OF LIFE” is energy particles that mo from the presence of Yahweh and wavelengths of this pow descends upon areas of His creation for a purpose. Noi especially. He is pouring out upon the earth a wave length of tl energy of His Spirit and as it moves upon earth and is defuse around earth itself, then it is those who are His sons at daughters who can receive this energy. They can be empower! by it for it is a nourishment of energy to their spirit, to tl enlightenment of their full consciousness so that the residet soul can draw out of this area of spiritual nourishment w*isdoi and energy and synthesizing thought of Yahweh and the vision t Yahweh and activating it in the physical body so as to carry out. I tell you that this is what was meant when it is referred to a the former ram and the latter rain. This is not the blessing of th ram for the harvest so as to have an abundance of food. When h talks about this 'latter rain* he is talking about a wave of spiritua

K>
and power which descends out of the Throne of Yahwel
to direct activities at the beginning of w hat we call “1 he Churcl Age" and then was to become much more intense as ‘The Latte
Ram',	■	’
At the be ginning of this Church age the Apostles were nov endowed wrth the capability of receiving the thinking presence o
Ya
1 tmh
Ik
jl
fYI
tthikh
i

mm it and it endowed them with such grea wdmis dynamic power that it chargee was to move out and to spread Nations which made up Yahweh*• Kingdom Mcndom had a tremendous input with the
ness that an i ' I he Race* is power was
% # mm
M *
IMS* % M
Mg M		5’ V	M	Mil	A'Oa%tk CP 1	BUM 1
	PC	ft*	At	H	the Cetemiol coa	ftCtOU
i4 Hi	m	Hi		f Itj	fulfil, Ml lO ftppPa	
• cuf	MM	i, it i	f it	1 PI	mil*# it ftit pupate	ilc. T
Imi	«jmR	i A	Iff	HEP	cm AtP He# i	tfo I ft
IBUf IJ	1% <	■f'	y«	Jftfti	Imp mi ihe M*h chapter	
1 pM		part	> My		spirit pm! ye tliell	race!
Hat u	ke	W		u	ippnni receive	
	fll	ran	If	lilt	a# Cor oft ef 4it	diet
Mf ill	C Fl		MF	fI	tile propliecteft mi	t mm
rai»*	w	ft M		•a!	iij ##| witt pour out	My 1
My da		*411		CTO	* apua IHy young	men
mmaer%tB
jwfcaar
my
W.
un
trad (oi

.
will dream great dreams of visions with initiative and creative ec I hem. As Yahweh continues to
the wave length of spiritual consciousness upon His _dreo where there is this constant link, then His ^ymtmweesence is acmaMy the fact that Mis $ptnf, and their Spirit, yy |^ lUOMnun essence because ffe has begotten them. There is • Bgs iQ |g|g» jaii i niff yr and the consciousness of Yahweh and itif asind of every one of the children of spirit. I want you to know that the spirit in yon has never ceased to be m connection with Yahweh at any tune. That this spirit is not only a continuous connection but it knows what you have need of even when you do
not.
says: “You mean that I can have a spirit and I won’t know what it is thinking”? There are a lot of people who are not aware of the spirit. They know that they dwell in this body and when they think, they think as an entity and this is their soul-consciousness and every good move and every spiritual force w hich descends upon them they allude to as consciousness and reaction. The conscious is not some part of this physical brain, it is not, my friends, just a mechanical process, it is a discerning force of the spirit moving upon the soul-consciousness and this is what Yahweh can do with vou. He can. by His own
decision, by the increase of spiritual i every man until that spirit makes aware of what Yahweh wants that it i
comes to its awareness.
! want you to know that one of the going to do w as to stir your age and
oplc remember their tnthers. He said: "I will turn the <n$ or the children to the fathers and the fathers to the ,dren and I am going to give them back a consciousness of •eir responsibilities to the earth”. (Joel 2:28) This is necessary because the World Order has been trying to negate your consciousness as “A Race” and your relationship with Yahwch does not mean that Yahwch cannot turn around your thinking. The World Order has been trying to negate even the great spiritual truths which mark your race. There is a spiritual veracity of complete monotheism which governs the faith of the Adamic household. Wc know ONE SUPREME SOVEREIGN IN THE UNIVERSE and none of these little lesser gods even count. We don't have a theology of many gods, wc know of other declared gods as entities, and we may well recognize fallen disembodied spirits, and in other cases perverted individuals who declare themselves deity, and we know that pagans all over the world worship different gods but to us there is ONE SUPREME DEITY. We also know that we are being told today in general sociological opinion that all religions are good, just because it is something apart from man to which he gives service and respect, and therefore, all religion is supposed to be upbuilding. But that, my friends, depends on the field of its thought and its consciousness for all religion is not upbuilding when it builds away from Yahweh, who alone is above all. 1 tell you today that 1 have neither sympathy nor appreciation nor do 1 accept knowledge of any single declared deity anywhere in the Universe, or in any land, or from any country, no matter how they carved or characterized him, or how much they believe in him for 1 recognize none of them as authority. I have no compunction about eliminating all idols, all pagan gods, all temples and thus lift up ONE STANDARD OF YAHWEH IN THE EARTH. Yes, I know that when one makes a statement like that you are considered anti-social, by the World Order and the society of the world. I am only interested in the Kingdom of Yahweh in the world and that is the objective I have and for no other purpose am 1 here.
This great outpouring of spirit is definitely for our day and age and it is going to help crystalize as people become aware of the opposition which is trying to destroy the Kingdom of Yahweh. The power and the spirit force in this Stream out of Yahweh’s Household is going to so stimulate the sons and daughters of Yahweh in this time that they will be ready for every event which is now transpiring in our environment. When wc talk to you about Yahweh’s Race, we are talking about the people of the Holy Seed which, in the Old Testament and through the writings ot the prophet Ezra, is referred to as “THE LIFE WHICH CAME OUT OF HIM”. We are talking about your Race and your responsibility in earth to that race. As such, therefore, all the progress which I think is self-evident over the past centuries has been moving out of the White Christian Civilization. All the degeneration and disintegration and collapse all over the world of righteous governments, has come from following the World Order and those programs to destroy the Kingdom of Yahweh in the earth. There are some today who are quite frustrated in their feelings and they are not quite oriented in their relation to Yahweh’s Great Plan and they think they are meeting defeat and that we are being overpowered. They think that the forces of righteousness are being destroyed but I can tell you that we are not being defeated, only stimulated. We are being quickened as a Race and we are coming back to life. We did go into a conditional sleep, we did go into a period where the enemy was brainwashing and influencing so many of our society. They started this systematic plan, both in the schools and in the churches, to plant false information and thus it has required a spiritual development which Yahweh has ordained will come.
Today, everyone who has moved in under the umbrella of the ‘Right Wing’ does not understand the whole picture but one of these days, when people do understand, then the victories are going to be overwhelming. We have told you many times that the objectives of Red China and Russia are both the same for both want to move in and overpower the Western Christian Nations. They would, of course, like to knock out this Great Nation first,
10
which is under the symbol of the outstretched wings of the eagb,
because they sec this Nation as a center of resistance to their plans. Their design is to use political chicanery and trickery, as well as Military conquest and then, eventually ruling over you, force you down to slavery. Thus, today we are the major object of their wrath and those two great powers vie with each other as to who will throw the last spade full of dirt on us. This is how the World Order thinks but I can sec their power and read their blueprint and then go to sleep and never worry because I have another blueprint which they do not have. I am thinking in the range of another covenant and I am watching an irrcMstahle force starting to move in Yahwch’s Kingdom. I happen to know that all the reinforcements necessary will be here on time. The quickening force is beginning and the elimination of the forces of darkness is going to follow because THE STREAM OF LIFE is awakening.
Remember that there must be a time of conflict because there
has to be an overthrow of evil before there can be a rule of righteousness. There is no substitute - - there must be an overthrow of evil before there can be a rule of righteousness by the Kingdom of Yahweh.
You are watching a pattern developing in your midst which seeks to silence the voices of truth. They would like to keep people from waking up, from learning what is transpiring but this is impossible because Yahweh is catalyzing all the avenues of reaching people and people are responding to this all over the world. The enemy has reached the point where he is trying to scare us with terror but we think in terms of other revelations and about the content of things which brings us to Armageddon and about problems, about battles and about wars. We have been told about security and about the tremendous power of the Eternal Yahweh-Yahshua to maintain this “Life Stream” through which He is empowering His household.
The Kingdom is a “Great Tree” and this tree, w hich has been growing up in the midst of the earth, is not going to be destroyed even though it gets pruned. Some of the limbs and branches may be pruned a bit but the tree is going to come forth with all the impact of the new ness of Life. If you go through the background of the Old Testament, it talks about all the “Trees” in the field, (world) and then it talks about the “Kingdom Tree”. In fact. Yahwch even goes so far as to identify Himself as the Life of that “Tree”. He is the real root; in fact, the proper translation of this is “I am the root and the offspring of David”. (Rev. 22:16) Yahshua even compounded a riddle for some of them: - “How say ye that The Messiah shall be the son of David and then David calls Him Father?” (Matt. 22:42-46) How can the Messiah be the offspring of David and yet David call Him Father? Again, those who were asking did not understand what He was talking about but Yahweh’s purpose and plan for the earth is in no w ay altered or changed because of man’s ability not to understand.
The National Council of Churches were very much disturbed this month and they came forth with a great pronouncement; that the greatest danger facing Christianity today is Racism. In the explanation of what is meant by this word racism, they cite this great new wave inside the Christian Faith w herein faith has been identified with race instead of embracing all people and that this new wave of thought inside the Christian faith actually anticipates that a white Christian Race should rule the world. Therefore, the National Council of Churches cites that they
would destroy all the great objectives and all the progress that the Christian Church is making unless they can stamp out these people carrying this new doctrine which is sweeping America with such great speed. This quite obviously is according to the scriptures tor this is Yahweh’s time when the whole family in heaven and in earth, which are named in HIS NAME, might recognize their responsibility and their dcstinv.
Do you realize why the enemy wants to stifle something out ot your Nation? Because Lucifer has an understanding that the g people, over w hom he rules, are of a sublevel compared to the " intelligence and the leadership capacities of Yahweh's sous and daughters growing up here in the midst ot the earth. It Lucifer and his children thought they were your equal they wouldn’t be
interested in this process of trying to drag you down or absorb you with other races. Therefore, they are admitting the difference in your race and the second class pattern of society which is controlled by Lucifer and they are demanding that this be changed; that this be changed in your Nation even though to change would be a violation of the laws of Yahweh.
Someone said: "But how are we going to change this situation?" There is going to be a revival of the hearing of ‘The Word of Yahweh*. My friends, this is not an appeal for people to conic down to the altar and cry out so they won't go to some kind of perdition when they die. The hearing of The Word of Yahweh’ is a reaffirmation of what Yahweh has taught your Race through His Word as to what you are here to do so don’t worry about what happens after you die, just know what you are doing here. This is the design: - The ‘hearing of the Word of Yahweh’ and if you challenge every White man as to what Yahweh has said to do about this problem, about what He had ordained for the progress of the earth, then you will lift up the standards of
His Kingdom and His blueprint for the earth. As you do this you will immediately discover that there are a lot of brainwashed clergy who will throw up opposition to it.If they sit down with their Bibles, they will soon find out they don’t know as much about ‘The Book’ as they thought they did and soon they will be joining you. It is a reasonable thing that Yahweh should place the highest capacity of leadership over His creation and thus He has provided for the earth by sending His own family, like a ‘Racial Stream', to develop and to take over. We may talk about the hostility to us in our work but that is to be expected for we are a part of that ‘Racial Stream’ and this is also a sign prophesied for the last days, that they will take you before their synagogue or their magistrates and then throw you in jail and even frame you to do this. This was done last week but Christians soon had these ministers out on bail and it just shows you to what length the enemy will go to stop the spread of these truths which relate to the responsibilities of the children Of Yahweh to their Race and to their purpose here in earth.
Someone said: "My, that is a terrible thing for a minister to land in jail”. Oh! 1 don’t think so for almost all the good ones, in the days of Yahshua, made it to jail. They locked up Paul and Peter and John and they even had Yahshua in jail but in this instance it just means that if you cross the right people and they think they have a particular advantage or can get away with it, then they try it.
You say: "But we are in America, we are not under the Roman Empire, we have freedom”. The Roman Empire had quite a lot of principals which would protect a citizen but let me tell you this, you don’t have anything in the United States today that you don’t have the power to demand or to make. You may have documents and you may have guarantees but you are the guarantors, not the enemy, not the forces of darkness or the forces of evil. We tell you that George Washington, in his farewell address to the Nation, wanted us to remember this: ‘that what we have, we have only if we insure it and guarantee it
ourselves’.
We have made many mistakes in this Nation under the symbol of the outstretched wings of the eagle. I do not believe in slavery, which was one of our mistakes, for if you have these people in your midst you have problems and if they were not here there would be no problem of that type. Thus, we have broken Divine law in many, many ways as we moved under the influence of the enemies of Yahweh’s Kingdom but we have reached the time when Yahweh, through His Spirit, is restoring back upon His children the things we lost by violations of Divine law. Your Race is not to toil night and day by the sweat of its brow to get enough to eat or to produce the things we want. He is bringing back upon us the lost vision, initiative and creative ability we once had. We have harnessed the rivers and created the great dams, we have iroduced great power and are harnessing all kinds of energy and applying it in all areas of manufacturing ability, until today, we can grow more food than we can consume and produce it in less time than ever before. When you can do all that, my friends, there is no reason for anyone to be in slavery.
Let’s cross over the hump of the problems of today into the ierenity of tomorrow, for tomorrow is where white man’s
II administration will be over Africa, over Asia and over this Continent, where it will be the guiding light and be instruction while they, by their energies, will be creating and working and a new day will be born. In the period of that day, the great spiritual forces which will be moving out of you, with the great knowledge of the particular gifts to which you have an affinity, as Yahweh has balanced you, as He timed your birth and brought you into this scheme of things, will be this great and mighty Kingdom of Yahweh ruling over this earth from one end to the other. The very symbol of this Kingdom rule is "THE LIGHT OF LIFE” which is like the photo-synthesis producing the chlorophyl, that green coloring matter, the stored energy carbon in the leaves of the tree. Yahweh makes this statement which concerns you: "There shall be twelve manner of fruits upon the Tree and the leaves of the Tree will be for the healing of the Nations”. (Rev. 22:2) The Life, the vitality and the synthesis of Divine energy, the media, the "GREAT TREE” of Yahweh’s Kingdom for LIFE and food is revealed here.
As the articles of war were given in the book of Deuteronomy, one thing we have been told not to do was: ‘do not cut down ‘The Tree’ for this was man's food’. 1 am going to say that the ‘Tree’ of Yahweh’s Kingdom is the only "LIFE FOOD” that can bring any sense into the world today.
We haven’t the time to discuss the great areas of catastrophe today but look at Indonesia, New Guinea, Katanga and Angola, to mention a few, for these are all areas of human catastrophe.
All these areas are where the powers of darkness have moved by their cunning and their evil to remove Christianity, moved out of the Kingdom of Yahweh and civilization. These people could not rise to the level of the Christians of your Nation, which have spiritual capacity, but they were much better off under the influence of truth and under the leadership of the children of Yahweh.
In the days ahead, you will see tremendous miracles in the development of Yahweh's purpose. These things will not come to pass until the Kingdom comes in. The Kingdom will not come in until the powers of darkness are cast down but, my friends, the powers of darkness will be cast down as Yahweh-Yahshua joins you. His family, for this mighty victory hour. We are not disturbed by the crest of the enemy wave, we are just encouraged by the fact that, in spite of all their design to suppress it, this great wave of spiritual force is quickening the consciousness of the sons and daughters of Yahweh and out of this you are going to see that the inner desire of the people everywhere is going to be met by the manifestation of the sons and daughters of Yahweh.
We have pointed out before that this Race of Yahweh, transplanted from heaven to earth, is growing up into a mighty Empire in the midst of the earth and it will be made great by this “STREAM OF LIFE” and will be empowered by the invisible outpouring of Yahweh’s spiritual energies. We stand on the threshold of this great day and 1 do not think that there has ever been a period when it was more necessary for us to wake up than now.
Remember, this will be a great victory, even though the odds seem so great, for there will be a mighty spiritual outpouring, a quick quickening of consciousness and you will find that the affinity which you have as the children of Yahweh, spiritually begotten, and the affinity you have with your relatives because they are of the same background, even though not awake, will be closer than you and your blood relatives of the Adamic Race. This spiritual affinity of knowing the purpose and the dedication of bringing in Yahweh’s Kingdom will produce a brotherhood so close and so compact that even the relationship of relatives will not compare with it. It is out of this great new sealed union of sons and daughters of Yahweh, who move forward with the realization that upon them and upon their shoulders, moving in the purposes of their Father, is to come the shouldering of the responsibility to awaken their Nation and to lift up its standards. It is by and through such people that Yahweh will raise up His mighty sons and daughters and set this Nation free.
By Dr. Wesley A. Swif
"Apocalypse of Paul” (B-688, see new book I