.NEW BEGINNINGS
™ YAHWEH THE ALMIGHTY. COVENANT ONE OF ISRAEL	JANUARY 1980, VOL. 10 NO.	1
THINGS ARE HAPPENING JUST AS FAST AS WE CAN POSSIBLY STAND IT
88888 CONTENTS 88888888888888888888888888888888888*’*’"',..,
S3 ft
THINGS ARE HAPPENING JUST AS FAST
AS WE CAN STAND IT..................Page	1
ADAM WAS NOT THE FIRST MAN.........Page	2
NAME OF THE ALMIGHTY...............Page	5
GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.............Page	6
nirr
11 j \
Yahweh
/7//^8888888888888888888ELDON D- PURVIS, EDITOR88888
ASHER & THE SIGN SAGITTARIUS........Page 7
SHORT HISTORY LESSONS...............Page 8
WHAT THE READERS ARE SEEING............Page	10
WORLD NEWS...........................Page	11
MISC...................................Page	12
THINGS ARE HAPPENING JUST AS FAST AS WE CAN POSSIBLY STAND IT
Good morning! This is October 29, 1979 and I want to make a tape with just a few observations on it. I’m not preaching a message, I’m not teaching a lesson, I’m just giving a few remarks here that I thought might be inspiring to you, thought provoking, or might even be edifying to you. At any rate this Autumn has been a very interesting time.
We have had a number of people come to the place through the season of Feast of Trumpets, Day of Atonement and Feast of Tabernacles. I should say that working from the solar calendar and inasfar as 1 have understanding concerning the timing, the Feast of Trumpets was on September 24, the Day of Atonement was on the 3rd of October and the Feast of Tabernacles began on the 8th and ran for seven days. You say how do you come to these conclusions? Well, there was a time when we worked on the
• basis of the lunar calendar but having moved into a different time, we have moved into solar timing. I can only give you what was quickened to my heart and I’m waiting for further confirmation on it or might even be some modification of that which has been quickened to me. But let me put it this way - - the year is broken up into its quarters by the Spring and Fall Equinox and the Summer and Winter Solstice. These are the two days when day and night are equal and the day when light is the longest period of time or the longest day and the other is the shortest day or the shortest period of light. The equinoxes are when day and night are equal, which come along about March 21st, and this year it was September 23. Then you have June 21 as your summer solstice and along about December 21 or 22 is your winter solstice. Working on the solar calendar, the sacred year would begin with the spring equinox and then you would have your period of time to your summer solstice which is the 21st of June and then this year the 23rd of September for the fall equinox. If you take twelve months of thirty days each you have 360 days. But if you do not count in the two equinoxes and the two solstices, you have four more days added there and then an extra day added at the end of the year which goes along with a scripture which speaks about the end of the year when the kings go out to battle. This would give you 365 days.
Speaking of this fall September 23rd equinox, the 7th month would have begun on the 24th, which was the Feast of Trumpets. Then ten days later, on October 3, was the Day of Atonement which is also the time when the Jubilee Trumpet sounds. Five days later would be the 8th of October and would be the beginning of the Feast of Tabernacles, which runs then for seven days. Then on the 8th day there is a solemn assembly. As we entered into this fall period of time we cane into it with the Feast
• of Trumpets or the sounding of the trumpets. When God begins to do a thing there is always a counterfeit which takes place. In other words, we have the counterfeit threefold this year. If you watched your TV you were cognizant of three definite priesthoods which came to the fore with the sounding of the trumpets. Here came the Pope and they sounded the trumpets
for him. Here was the Roman Catholic priesthood. About the same time the Dalai Lama from the East was in this country and they sounded the trumpets for him. Here is your Eastern priesthood. About that same time the Mormon people were in conference in Salt Lake City and what is atop their temple? Moroni blowing the trumpet! You had three priesthoods. The mormon priesthood, the Eastern priesthood and the Catholic priesthood all sounding trumpets about the same time. Under the cover or under the camouflage of all of this God was doing a great thing. He was sounding a spiritual trumpet that only the ears of those that are opened would hear. . .And what is He doing? He, too, is bringing forth a priesthood but this priesthood is not the Catholic, not the Dalai Lama, not the Mormon priesthoods. He is bringing forth and initiating the manifestation of the Melchizedek priesthood. These things that have happened externally are but symbolic of what is truly taking place in the spiritual realm. Is it not written, first the natural or soul realm but we are looking to the spiritual realm where the true priesthood is coming forth. I tell you saints, it is an important time. But you say, ‘I don’t see any outward manifestation’. No, you may not see that outward manifestation as yet but the outward manifestation will come in due time. The thing has been initiated! It has begun! We have begun a new time! We have entered a new period, a new dimension, a new unfolding of the purpose and the plan of God. Keep your eyes open, keep your hearts open. Watch, .listen, .be alert, .awake and recognize the things that are taking place in the hour in which we live.
There is another observation that we would like to pass along. This one for your consideration, too. None of us have all the truth, as yet, but facets of light are coming to various ones and I’m sure that as we keep these truths in our hearts these things that are opening up. .this light that is being shed on our path, .that eventually we will get a composite and complete and full picture of what God is actually doing.
Let me say this - - we feel that this Autumn is a very important time. The Autumn of 1979. You that have studied the Pyramid know that 1979 is marked in there as the beginning of the Millennium. It may not look like it at this moment but let me remind you it is a beginning. Then it is marked at 2979 as the ending of the Millennium. There is a fifteen year period from 2979 to 2994 which could well be the little period in which Satan is loosed again out of the bottomless pit. This makes a period of time from 1979 to 2979, then to 2994. If there is a fifteen year period there at the end of the Millennium then there must be a fifteen year period here at the beginning to balance things out.
We had the Feast of Trumpets which we mentioned before on the 24th of September and I felt a deep impetus in my own heart concerning the Feast of Trumpets. Now there is a fifteen day period from the Feast of Trumpets to the beginning of the Feast of Tabernacles. In scriptural figuring, in numbering, in' symbology, a day stands for a year or a day can stand for one thousand years. But we are speaking now of a day standing for a year. If there is a fifteen day period in the seventh month from the Feast of Trumpets to the opening of the Feast of
this could well represent a fifteen year period. This 2 ^respond, then, to the fifteen years at the end of the .mium. If we have a fifteen year period beginning with 1979
at would carry to 1994.Feast of Tabernacles, among other things of course, we know it’s the Feast of ingathering, it’s the Feast of Joy and Gladness and so forth but it also speaks of our new tabernacle, our new body in which we are going to minister and carry forth the establishment of the Kingdom of Yahweh upon the earth. There is a beginning point when things begin to happen and in my own heart I feel that beginning point was at the Feast of Trumpets. The spiritual trumpet has sounded for those who have had ears to hear. It is a beginning point, something has started. There are changes taking place within us.
This period of change could well be a fifteen year period going from 1979 to 1994, which would correspond with the fifteen year period at the end of 2979 to 2994. If we have had ears to hear, if we have heard the trumpet call, if we have heard the clarion call of truth and the voice of the Spirit of God sounding deep within our beings, it is a beginning point for us. It is not the completion but it is the start and this fifteen year period could be our period of change, dynamic changes taking place within us. They have already begun, things are happening and by the time the fifteen year period has elapsed we wil have come into a completely changed body. The scripture says we are going to be changed in a moment, also, the scripture says we are going to be changed in the atoms; that’s what the word is in the Greek. It says we will be changed in the twinkling of an eye; the twinkling of the eye, the blinking of the eye is to keep the eye clear for vision. It doesn’t necessarily mean just a split second of time and if you want to figure out a fifteen year peiicd on the basis of fifteen days, that’s not a very long time either and things are happening just as fast as we can possibly stand it.
From the Feast of Trumpets to the Day of Atonement is ten years or ten days and the Day of Atonement is when everything is blotted out; there is none of the past that even comes to remembrance again. I believe this is happening also. Then, completed at the fifteen year period, we are brought into an entirely different condition and position. I do not say that this is all the truth on this, 1 only say that this is a facet of it that has come up as we have fellowshipped together during this sacred seventh month of the Fall of 1979. Give it some consideration, give it some thought and I am sure that you will find that either the Spirit of Yahweh will confirm it to you or there will be something that will deny it. But if it’s truth, the Spirit of Yahweh will continuously bring it to your remembrance. He said He would bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever He had said. If He has said it, it will be brought back to your remembrance again. It is food for thought, it is truth for consideration and I pray that you will hold it before Yahweh for a further clarifying of this which we have set before you this day.
Another thought 1 want to add here is that if you take 365 days in a year, and you put 24 into it to represent the 24 hours of a day, you would come out with the equivalent of fifteen days, perhaps a little fraction there, but roughly fifteen days. This more or less goes along with what we have already said about the fifteen years, (fifteen days equals fifteen years). This also would go along with the scripture where it speaks about ‘in one hour is Babylon fallen’. It could well be that in the next fifteen years, which would be equivalent to one hour as I have already stated, that Babylon will fall and we will help to be the fall thereof.
Talking about the fifteen year period, do you remember in the life of Hezekiah that the Lord added fifteen years to his life and Hezekiah went with joy up into the House of the Lord because of this addition to his life. There are fifteen Psalms that are called the Psalms of degrees. Some people have called them the Psalms of ascents and they feel that they were Psalms that were used as people ascended up to the House of the Lord. Some of these Psalms have been attributed to Hezekiah because there were fifteen years added to his life, there were fifteen degrees, or ascents, or Psalms that were used, one for each year and, by the way, where the degrees went back on the sun dial the word degrees is used. The word degrees on these Psalms is also used showing that it has to do with a period of time. There was a time
when I felt, with the beginning or opening of the space age which was in 1957, that these Psalms pertained to those years 1957 and onward for fifteen years and I’m sure that this was true. Yahweh quickened it to me at that time. But now in the light of what is opening up in regards to this fifteen years the Psalms would seem very appropriate for this period of time. We cannot go into them at this time; suffice it to say that it begins with Psalm 120 and goes onward for fifteen Psalms, a Psalm for a year representing the fifteen days between Feast of Trumpets and Feast of Tabernacles and perhaps as the Lord leads me in days ahead, I may well put this also on tape and bring in the meaning of each separate Psalm and what we can expect in those fifteen years starting in the Autumn of 1979 onward to 1994. It is food for thought, grist for the mill and something upon which you can ponder.
Yahweh bless it to your heart.	by	Norene	C. Nicholls
************* *HALLELU-YAH* *************
END TIME REVELATION -1978-1982 ADAM WAS NOT THE FIRST MAN
Chapter 4
Adam was not the first man. The Bible tells of the creation of MEN IN THE PLURAL, (Yahweh’s Six Day Creations) in Genesis 1:26-28, saying, “Male and female created He THEM: (1:27), and Yahweh told these people, “Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth’’ (1:28). “Plenish” is an obsolete English word, meaning “to fill’’; and you cannot RE-plenish what was never plenished, or filled, before.
We are told in the Bible that sometime in the dateless past. . .“in the Beginning”. . .Yahweh created the heavens and the Earth. Then there are clear indications in the Old Testament that the original creation of Almighty Yahweh suffered some disaster. We can see today that the face of the earth bears everywhere the marks of this disaster.
Verse 2 of Genesis 1 brings us to a point in time relating to the Earth alone. “And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep and the Spirit of Yahweh moved upon the face of the waters.” Between v. 1 and v. 2 of Genesis 1, there is a period of unknown duration, perhaps lasting millions of years, during which an unknown number of events took place resulting in the state of dark ruin in which we find the world in Gen. 1:2. The words translated “without form and void” are: - - Tohu va bohu. Young’s Concordance gives the following meanings to these Hebrew words: Tohu- a ruin, vacancy; Bohu- emptiness. Strong’s Concordance translates to Tohu - to lie waste. It is worthwhile to note that this expression is found twice only in the scriptures; once in Genesis 1:2 and once in the passage from Jeremiah 4:23. “I beheld the earth, and lo, it wa s without form and void; and the heavens, and they had no light. I beheld the mountains, and lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly. I beheld, and lo, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens were fled. I beheld, and lo, the fruitful place was a wilderness, and all the CITIES thereof were broken down at the presence of the lord, and by his fierce anger. For thus hath the Lord said, the whole land shall be desolate; yet I will not make a full end.”
It may be that Jeremiah here described the events which produced the “Tohu va bohu” conditions of Gen. 1:2, including withdrawal of light. Job 38:7 tells us that when the work of creation was under way “ail the sons of Yahweh shouted for
•_ i«
joy.”
Hence, we can see that there may have been a creation, war in heaven, destruction, then a replenishment program starting again in Yahweh’s six day creations. Going from Genesis 1:1 to Genesis 1:28.
Notice also that these creations were male and female created in the image of Yahweh and His Sons and Daughters. Gen. 1:26, “Let us make man in our image.” So if you are a Son of Yahweh it is easy for you to find proof that as a Son you existed before the worlds were framed. Keeping this thought in mind let’s go on.
YAHWEH'S EIGHTH DAY CREATION in the next chapter.
ne had on a wide black belt about 2 inches wide with a wer one over his shoulder. He was Chinese.
,mce that time I have always felt that China would do the narching and Russia would begin by supplying the equipment. The reports in your paper of a military corridor in that area are he first confirmation of that part of the vision in 30 years.
These visions ceased by 1951 although they remain bright and clear in my memory. 1 have seen world events confirm most of the visions since that time and expect the rest to quickly follow. The Holy Spirit occupied me with other subjects then, including Israel Identification for about 15 years and then began to speak and reveal the things that will follow the invasion (which is to shortly come to pass) but that is another subject.
Pastor Robert G. Millar
************ *HALLELU-YAH* ************
WORLD NEWS
MIDDLE EAST During last summer an important Islamic religious leader told this office that by the end of November an extremely serious situation would exist leading towards a world wide holocaust.
This office reported that conversation to the Foreign Office and Sir Nigel Fisher (an extremely influential member of Parliament).
The Imam explained that Islamic prophecy indicates the forthcoming appearance of “The Expected One’’ (Mahdi). This expectation would sweep through Islam and encourage acts of great risk.
To our astonishment the Foreign Office replied that its agents had not picked up any such news. Thus once again this office was aware of facts of which the Foreign Office was apparently ignorant. As you only too well now know Islam is aflame with fanatical enthusiasms which Russia is encouraging when convenient. Soon now this whole anti American movement will turn on Israel as the alleged American Satellite in the Holy Area of Jerusalem. Russia will support it and the Anglo-Saxon Powers will be compelled to resist.
Russia will try to fend off the climax until after the npic Games, but may not be able so to do.
If afraid of a holocaust, America temporarily adepts humiliation at the hands of the Islamic mobs it will be considered by those mobs as proof that the Mahdi is already on his way and is supernaturally fighting for Islam.
Many years of intense stupidity on the part of the West have led us all into an extremely dangerous situation. For years this office has warned you of the two crucial factors (1) The Middle East (2) Russia.
Plan For the Event
Please now get this message clearly. It is quite crucial:
(1)	Iran will make a straight military alliance with Russia very soon now.
(2)	Russia (with Iran) allied with Ethiopia and Libya will attack in the Middle East (Jerusalem) via Turkev with East German troops. Note that cardinal factor.
(3)	Because East German troops are involved, West Germany
will not go along with any NATO military projects. Because W. Germany won’t, nor will France. She can’t. Don’t blame her. She cannot.	*
(4)	All US and UK forces and kit locked up in »/. Germany will consequently be frozen. Lost. Forget the lot. They are lost.
(5)	The US will urge the UK to go it alone and will ask the UK to become a base of enormous proportions to which proposal the UK will agree.
(6)	As a result Russia will invade England by air.
All the above is the official Russian appreciation. The supreme need is NOT therefore quite meaningless nuclear devices based 'n West Continental Europe (base them if you so wish, but they v, will not make any difference). The following is the correct game plan:
(1)	Three armoured Army groups each of 5 divisions based in England: (a) East Anglia (b) Midlands (c) North.
(2)	Overwhelming air fighter cover for (1)
11	(3)	Every single, ship in the US and UK out of mothballs foi
Atlantic defence.
(4) An Anglo-Saxon alliance with (a) China (b) Egypt, supported by vast Naval and Air Forces.
Item (4) arouses great opposition amongst conservatives. So be it. You may detest us now but before 1983 you will say we were totally correct.
In 1939 this very office told Prime Minister Chamberlain that:
(1)	Russia would make a deal with Germany.
(2)	France would not launch an offensive in the West to support Poland.
(3)	If Britain forced France into war France would make separate peace.
All three vast occurrences took place.
The pattern of future events will conform exactly with our present prognostication. Don’t hope for some other result. There will be none. Prepare. You don’t have much time.
Who will win?
The Anglo-Saxon Powers will win, but only because of wholly exceptional occurrences, of which only this office (politically) has given you plain notice. Others - - outside politics - - have bravely done so likewise. But in the political circle, only this one single office has so done.
......Watch........Prepare.......Think
Think particularly about what you gain from thousands of conservative news letters spending all their space on allegations against dead and gone or now greatly aged criminal traitors, but not one single paragraph on the necessities of effective defences for tomorrow. It is pathetic and enormously sad.
Is Conservatism itself now a victim of the very traitors it denounces? Possibly so.
Furthermore the fabric of a nationwide resistance must be created NOW, not later, NOW. Painstaking researches have been made over the last 4 years. Almost all key persons in (e.g.) the Midlands area of England are ready to join up. But they MUST join NOW. Later on it will be too late because communications will be too difficult.
Similar studies in France have produced nil results whereas in Germany the reaction is actually hostile. Think of such miserable men as the late Baron Daniel von Dumreicher whose conduct (a conservative) was disgraceful. Count not upon France or Germany. Count on England only.
From Special Office Brief
NEW BRIEFS
SCIENTISTS consider New Madrid fault zone in mid Mississippi Valley as nation’s most threatening quake belt, w/possible damage up to 10 times that of similar quake along San Andreas fault.
IRISH BANK SUFFERS A RUN Dublin, Ireland (AP) - - Branches in the Irish Republic Bank were temporarily closed today after they ran out of money when anxious customers withdrew their cash in a scare over a possible shutdown.
The branches closed Thursday to get hold of more money after some $200 million was withdrawn, said spokesmen for the-four main banks.
The run followed speculation that the banks will be forced to shut by a clerical ban on transactions involving British currency. The clerks’ action backs a demand for extra pay to cope with additional work caused by the ending earlier this year of the long-standing close link between the Irish and British currencies.
************* *HALLELU-YAH* ************
PROPHECY - DREAMS & VISIONS - THE HOLY NAME -IDENTITY - GOSPEL OF THE KINGDOM - ORDER OF
MELCHIZEDEK
NEW BEGINNINGS, JA
.it well have been this THIRD creation, for we find aM (in the singular) created. The Hebrew word, ,vvm”: (rendered “Adam” in English) is from a root word „ning “To show blood in the face” or “of a ruddy complexion”. . .a word obviously not applicable to the dark races, which we know from scientific evidence to be much older than the White Race.
Bible scholars know the latter part of the passage in Genesis 3:20. . .“and Adam called his wife’s name ‘Eve’; because she was the mother of all living”. . .is a latter interpolation, which was not in the earlier manuscripts,
(See Moffatt’s Translation) It follows that Eve, being Adamic (light complexion) could not have mothered the earlier Yellow or Black races, (six day creation). An idea which is only a popular misconception engendered by fallacious Christian Education.
The difference between the Six Day Creation, and the Eighth Day Creation is really very simple:
1.	The Six day creation was made in the likeness ot lanwen, and His Spiritual Sons and Daughters. (Having Body and Soul) (Gen. 1:26).
2.	The Eighth day creation was Gen. 2:7 ‘formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man (aw-dawm) became a living soul.” (Body, Soul, and Spirit) (Living means: Hebrew, CHAY alive, or in another Hebrew prime root word, CHAY AH, quicken, save, be made whole.)
So Adam had the Spirit of Yahweh placed within him, he became a quickening soul. In fact symbolic of an overcomer, who is saved or more correct, to be made whole. Body (dust of the ground), soul (conscious mind), Spirit (breath of life). The Spirit manifesting itself out and around the body of ADAM made him different and above the six day creations.
We know that Adam was the physical, and Spiritual Son of Yahweh (Luke 3:38) therefore he was shouting for joy (Job 38:7) when the Six Day creation was going on, and the Sons and Daughters of Yahweh existed before the worlds were framed. Let’s face it, we are strangers and pilgrims on earth, (Heb.
^	11:13)	(PILGRIMS:	GREEK	PAREPIDEMOS, a resident
foreigner, alien.)
EVE DID NOT EAT AN APPLE! Edenic Covenant]
In Genesis 3:1 we read: “Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field”. (Many times the six day creation is referred to as the beast of the field having body and soul but lacking the Spirit of Yahweh), “which the Almighty Yahweh had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea hath Yahweh said, Ye shall not eat “(partake)” of every tree of the garden? And the woman said unto the serpent, we may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden; But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden. Yahweh hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.” (to die means to literally be placed in bondage, or sheol, absent from the presence of Yahweh.)
Lucifer was successful in deceiving Eve and we read in Genesis 3:6 “And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise,” (must have a double meaning here for when was the last time you sought with a desire an apple tree to make you wise?) “she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, “(partake)” and gave unto her husband with her; and he did eat. “(partake)”. Many bible students believe that twin sons were conceived in the womb, the first of Lucifer and Eve, and the sec ond when Eve introduced Adam into these earthly delights. Hence many believe Cain was of that evil one (1 John 3:12) and Abel of Adam and Eve. “And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.”
In Genesis 3:3, Yahweh has told Eve she is not to eat (partake) of the fruit (offspring) of the tree that was in the midst of the Garden. We know that the tree in the midst of the Garden was a v racial tree because it is described in Genesis 2:17 as a tree that has a knowledge of good and evil. No fruit tree has a knowledge of good and evil so it would not have been an “apple tree”. Also, Eve was admonished not to touch the fruit tree on pain of death. Certainly, touching an apple would not have called for such stern punishment. Again in Genesis 3:6, Eve saw that the fruit was
3 pleasant to the eyes (handsome) and capable of making one wise. As it turned out partaking of the fruit of Lucifer’s racial tree did make Eve wise, because she knew (immediately after she and Adam had sinned) that she was naked, a fact that she did not seem to notice before the misdeed.
Reason with me if you will - - consider the thought that the Spirit, shone without body, Aura of Glory, of Adam and Eve. When they committed their sin the Spirit being of Yahweh is incorruptible and would not partake with them. So it went within the midst of their bodies (Dan. 7:15) where it exists within all the descendents of the Adamic Race, even up until today. Are we not all struggling to manifest this Spirit that dwells within us?
When Yahweh asked Eve what she had done (Gen. 3:13) she said the serpent beguiled her. In the first place, the Hebrew word “Nachash”, translated serpent, actually means “spellbinding enchanter or magician”. Now we know the serpent could talk to Eve. It was not a snake or any reptile with which we are familiar, but Satan, in one of his many appearances. Understanding the foregoing makes it easy to understand that the sin committed in the Garden of Eden was of a sexual nature because when Eve said she was beguiled she actually was saying she had been seduced. The Hebrew word “Nasha” translated to “beguiled” actually means “to lead astray, to seduce”.
It is quite evident that before Adam and Eve sinned theirs was not a physical or sexual relationship. The Lost Books of Eden tell us that Yahweh the Father had desired to bring forth children ot Light from both of them perhaps in the same manner as Eve was brought from Adam. But when they committed sexual sin, they were reduced to a purely physical plane of reproduction (Gen. 3:16); they lost their aura of glory and were driven out of Eden, not because of the sexual act in itself but because Eve partook of Lucifer and Adam condoned the sin of Eve by partaking with her himself. They were no longer children of light, free from toil and pain and death. Yet Yahweh’s mercy did not depart from them by the second covenant. The fallen man and woman were restored by Yahweh’s grace to a condition of favor. They had been given mortality and they came therefore under the law of sin and death, which our race did not find freedom from until the second Adam set us FREE. (Yahshua
ADAMIC COVENANT
This Second Covenant teaches us the conditions of the life of mortal (fallen) humanity, the conditions that is, that have governed the lives of all Adamites since the Fall, under which, therefore we live. These conditions remain until the coming of the Messiah when He restores all things created, to their original purity. (Many ask me, what about the Asiatics or Negroes? My answer lies right here in this sentence. “He will restore all things created to their original purity. ALL THINGS NOT CREATED BY HIM OR NOT PURE, (MIXED), WILL BE UTTERLY PLUCKED UP. This second Covenant with Adam was partly founded in a curse, for Yahweh’s judgement bore the burden of labour, “in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread”, the difficulty of labour, “thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee”; the sorrow of life, “in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life”; physical death, “dust thou are, and unto dust shalt thou return”. All these things, the fruit of the curse, are included in the judgement of Yahweh upon the Fall, yet how important it is to notice that even in such a Covenant, in such a statement of Yahweh’s will and purpose there is the clear promise of blessing and restoration. For you have, in the story of the Second Covenant, the first promise of a Saviour, the first beginnings of Yahweh’s work of redemption through the seed of Yahweh. It is this Covenant made with Adam and his seed when cast out of Eden which provides the first link in a chain that runs unbroken throughout the whole Bible; the chain of men, chosen and called out by Yahweh, who should labour for Him in righteousness, and who should be fellow workers with Yahweh to restore His dominion over the earth.
It is certain that the one who seduced Eve was no mere scaly snake wiggling along the ground. Yes, I said “seduced” Eve, for that is what she admitted, in the original Hebrew. Cain was the son of that seduction, (1 John 3:12). The Bible used the word “begat” with monotonous regularity; but the first time the Bible ever says that Adam “begat” anyone is Genesis 5:3, where it
.drely as the prophet Elijah ministered ONLY to the ,>n Mount Carmel, but remembered in sacrifice the . kingdom of Judah, so will the eventual union of the two ,, Joseph and Judah (see Ezek. 37:19) take place AFTER .ting up of the kingdom of God. . I will make them one nation, .one king (our Lord) shall be king to them all. .they shall be no more two nations, .neither, .divided into two kingdoms. .-so shall they be my people, and 1 will be their God. . .” (Ezek. 37:22-28)	George H. Thompson,Somerset, England
THE NORMAN ROYAL LINE WAS OF ISRAEL
“The Benjamin Stamp, from the set of twelve stamps illustrating the emblems representing the twelve tribes.” (Issued by the State of Israel) In his book ‘A Monograph of Benjamin’, Mr. Landseer Mackenzie mentions indications and probabilities that are worthy of consideration. The late arrival of the Normans (or Northmen) in the West suggests a late migration from their original habitat. It is accepted that they had first settled in Scandinavia, before moving into France, where they adopted the language of that country, though Norman French differed from the metropolitan. The Normans have always been acknowledged as racially different from the French people in general.
He emphasizes the escape of Christians from Palestine during the siege of Titus. He makes the plausible suggestion that many Benjamites must have been among them and that these may well have formed a late, final westward migration of Israelites. We know that the wolf was the emblem of the tribe of Benjamin, but its general use by the Normans is not capable of positive proof. Mr. Mackenzie gives as an authority the Bayeux Tapestry. There are pictures of birds and animals along its border and these were doubtless intended as symbols of significance. Among them is one known as ‘the fox’ which could easily be interpreted as a wolf. Though it appears frequently on the tapestry design, it is never in direct relation to William. It is noteworthy to observe that it is confronting, as though to attack, a bird described as ‘the crow’, in another place a lion and in a third place four lions of the European leopard type. It is a matter of the greatest interest that Hugh Lupus, nephew of William the Conqueror, used the wolf as his personal device at the time that heraldry was introduced.
His even more famous ancestor was, of course, Rollo the Wolf. Though established as a practice from the days of pre-history, authorities affirm that heraldry was not codified until after the Norman Conquest and cite the Bayeux Tapestry as proof that no devices of an heraldic nature were used on the armour during the Battle of Hastings. They state that the ladies who embroidered the tapestry did so soon after 1066 and that they gave all the correct details, and would have incorporated armorial bearings if such had been used.
So we must look elsewhere for evidence. Heraldry is a precise art and its exponents are obviously here thinking in terms of formal coats of arms. What we are concerned to discover is whether a person or family had a particular creature for an emblem. Even (hough the granting of arms did not begin until the twelfth century, there must have been reasons why these were chosen. Those reasons in many cases must have included their age-long use in their family traditions. What stronger appeal could there be than a tribal emblem? It is significant that the European royal families in general used the lion emblem, in its various forms, even before formal arms were created.
One item of evidence is beyond dispute, whatever heraldic authorities may say. On a number of Attic vases, all of c. 500 B.C., heroes of the Trojan war are depicted with devices on their shields. Paris has a lion, Achilles a lion’s face, Patroclus the hind part of a lion, Ajax a stag, Menelaus a bull. All these are emblems of ancient Israel and the royal lion of Judah predominates among those princes, notably the Trojans. We recall also the Roman tradition of their heroes Romulus and
10 Remus, supposedly suckled by a ‘wolf’. The legend could well have moved westwards from Palestine via the Trojan link with Israel of old.
Summing up: though there is not nearly enough evidence to confirm a claim that the Normans generally were of the tribe of Benjamin, there is testimony sufficient to support a strong possibility that the westward-moving aristocracy, which took a^ elite of Judah into western Europe via Troy and ancient Greece, included Israelites of the tribe of Benjamin and that some, at least, of these formed part of the ruling class of the Normans who entered Britain in 1066.	WAKE	UP!
************* *HALLELU-YAH* *************
WHAT THE READERS ARE SEEING December 6,1979
Dear Brother Purvis:
After reading the last two issues of your excellent paper “New Beginnings” I thought it might be in order for me to put in writing the visions that were shown to me some thirty years ago for you to read and/or use as you see fit. I think they are not only pertinent but also you have an audience that might be interested, at least in part.
In 1947 1 returned from an 8,000 mile speaking trip, sponsored by the Mennonite Central Committee, (a co-ordinating committee for the many Mennonite and Quaker denominations) and wound it up by speaking to a group of Mennonites and Presbyterians in Ontario (my home province) in a United Church of Canada church building. There all my self assurance and conceit proved insufficient and as a great sense of my spiritual need overwhelmed me the unknowable happened; a great power of the Holy Spirit surged through me and there before the altar, as I was preparing for the evening service, I spoke in classic Arabic. I had had no intention of requiting in such an unorthodox and undignified manner the honours that the Mennonite peoples had bestowed upon me.
A few days later, prostrate on my back at home, completely ignorant of “charismatics”, I prophesied for 2Vi hours as visions ^ of the planet earth and things to come were unfurled before me. ^
I saw the African Continent; a black ominous cloud hovered over it. I felt the coming pain and agony and chaos but knew it was not a prayer burden but an irrevocable appointment established in the heavens. The reader will be reminded that all this was in the late forties, before the colonial powers left Africa and the bloodshed and anarchy that followed had begun.
India was shown similarity and with great clarity and also trouble in southern South America, Argentina, Europe and in subsequent visitations our own beloved continent.
1 saw bombs falling on Cape Canaveral, Florida and wondered why an enemy would choose to bomb what was then a sandy beach. I saw things that looked like bombs rising up out of the water in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico, (this before Polaris submarines were thought of) and landing in the Houston area and wondered who would want to bomb a little cow town, for there was no petro chemical complex or N.A.S.A. headquarters there at the time. I saw the trouble in Detroit, Buffalo, the West Coast, the east side of Toronto in flames and many details and places.
About this time I was invited to pray for a 17 year old girl in a place called Beeton, North of Toronto, Canada. I placed my hands on her head and was so startled by what I saw that I would not let myself prophesy but simply prayed a blessing and tried to move into different things. However, her parents were spiritual people and sensed something, cornered me and asked me what 1 had seen. “Well”, I said cautiously “Your daughter will minister to the Chinese”. They answered that they already knew that and had known it for six years. Then I told them that she was not to prepare to go to China. They answered yes, she had finished high school but the Holy Spirit had checked them from preparing her for Chinese foreign missions.
With that I could do nothing but show them the vision. I had seen hordes of soldiers in uniform pouring in from the North of Canada down a corridor west of Lake of the Woods, Manitoba towards the U.S. border. This girl was ministering peace to one
use the term "GOD” jointly for an idol - - a pagan 6 j{ worship, and ALSO for the Almighty of the Bible, the difference being a small or a capital "G.”
One source reveals: "The word ‘God’ is not a name but a pagan title and has been (used) only since 700 (C.E.) when the German people borrowed it from the pagans, and the English people borrowed it from the Germans, and that is how it got into our Bibles.” The non-Hebrew names and titles did not appear in the New Testament until the 4th century C.E.
Permit me to qualify the origin of the Germanic title by quoting from the 11th edition of the ENCYCLOPAEDIA BR1TANN1CA on this subject of "God.”
"The common Teutonic word for a personal object of religious worship. It is, thus, like the Gr. theos and Lat. deus, applied to all those superhuman beings of the heathen mythologies who exercise power over nature and man and are often identified with some particular sphere of activity; and are also to the visible material objects, whether an image of the supernatural being or a tree, pillar, etc. used as a symbol and idol. The word ‘god’ on the conversion of the Teutonic races to Christianity was adopted as the name of the one Supreme Being, the Creator of the universe, and of the persons of the Trinity. . .God is a word common to all Teutonic languages. In Gothic it is Guth; Dutch has the same form as English; Danish and Swedish have Gud, German Gott. . .It has also been suggested that the word might mean a ‘molten image’ from the sense of ‘pour’.”
In other words, the various nations transferred and used this term for the true Creator which was also the same title they used for heathen mythologies, a tree, pillar, stone, idol, etc.
In the New World Translation of the Scriptures (page 2821), a very interesting statement is made: "The evidence is therefore, that the original text of the Christian Greek Scriptures has been tampered with, the same as the text of the Septuagint (O.T. in Greek) has been. And at least from the 3rd century C.E. onward, the divine Name in Tetragrammaton form has been eliminated from the text by copyists who did not understand or appreciate the Name of the Almighty or who developed an aversion to it. . .In place of it they substituted the word KYRIOS (usually
transl. "the Lord”) and theos meaning God.”
This leads us to a word about the term "Jehovah.” This is, in reality, not a Hebrew word at all. Rather, it is a human invention, a man-made linguistic form. Some feel that in the year 1520 C.E., a man by the name of Galatinos took the consonants of the Tetragrammaton and combined them with the vowels another Hebrew word ("ADONAI”) producing the word "Jehovah,” which is a linguistic hybrid. The word was opposed and rejected by scholars of that period. It has been described as being "too heavily burdened with merited critical condemnation - - as modern, as a compromise, as a ’mongrel’ word, ’hybrid,’ ‘fantastic,’ ‘monstrous’.” (Introduction to THE EMPHASIZED BIBLE)
Modern scholarship also tends to reject the term. Dr. Charles Rotherham in the introduction to His "Emphasized Bible,” presents much scholarly research and information on the Name of YAHWEH, including the history of the term "Jehovah” and its rejection by scholars.
James Moffat, of Moffat Bible fame, says that the name "Jehovah” is erroneous.
The Revised Standard Version says the word "Jehovah” does not accurately represent any form of the name ever used in Hebrew.
The Jews were afraid to pronounce the Name “YAHWEH” so they added vowel signs to the consonantal Hebrew Tetragrammaton YHVH indicating that in its place should be read "Adonai” or "Elohim.”
The Latin Vulgate substituted “Dominus.” The Greek translators substituted "KYRIOS,” which is "Lord,” for the Name of the Almighty.
Modern scholarship definitely supports and attests to the accuracy of the term "YAHVEH” or "YAHWEH.”
A few of these:
1.	J. Moffat - - Moffat Translation.
2.	The Revised Standard Version - - Introduction.
3.	The New World Translation - - Introduction.
4.	Oxford Annotated Bible - - Introduction.
5.	Dr. Werner Keller, German Journalist, in his "The Bible as History”.
6.	S.Vernon Caslund, Prof, of Religion, University of Virginia, in his book "The Religion of the Bible”.
7.	The Complete Bible - - by Smith and Goodspeed.
8.	Dr. Joseph Bryant Rotherham’s - - The Emphasized Bible” - -in the introduction and also the translation of the Old Covenant Scriptures.
9.	A.B. Traina, The Holy Name Bible, The Scripture Research Association, Incorporated.
10.	The Jerusalem Bible - - Reader’s Edition.
11.	The Encyclopaedia Britannica Article "Israel” -- (1972 edition).
12.	Restoration of Original Sacred Name Bible, Missionary Dispensary Bible Research.
In conclusion, there is also a prophetic aspect to the Name of
the Almighty, as revealed in the following references:
Hosea 2:16, 17; Zephania 3:9; Isaiah 11:9; Revelation 7:1-4;
14:1-8- 22*3-5* Proverbs 18*10 THE PROPHETIC IMPLICATION OF THESE SCRIPTURES
IS THAT ALL MEN THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE WORLD
ARE GOING TO LEARN THE NAME OF THE ALMIGHTY AND
WORHIP HIM THROUGH HIS NAME "YAHWEH!”
- - Y GWIR ERBYN Y BYD - -"MY PEOPLE SHALL KNOW MY NAME.” ISAIAH 52:6
By John C. Green
************** HALLELU-YAH **************
20th Century Productions presents
The Greatest Show on Earth.'
A WITH SUPERSTAR *
ms» Evan
INTRODUCTION TO "THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH!” In 1969, when I introduced New Wine Magazine, I had a cover article written by Charles Schmitt; it was “New Wine in New Wineskins”. Charles had a good grasp of the move of the Holy Spirit that had started a few years before. The general thought was that the move of the Holy Spirit couldn’t be kept in the old Pentecostal churches but would have to move outside the establishment into the homes and restaurants across the country. Ten years later, 1979, Charles Schmitt has written an excellent article on this movement which is identified as the Charismatic Renewal. Looks like the Charismatic groups have become Old Wineskins and the Holy Spirit moves on looking for the next obedient group of the Sons of Yahweh.
Eldon Purvis, Editor.
CHARLES SCHMITT TAKES A LOOK AT CHEAP EVANGELISM
Recently I was invited to be a seminar speaker for one of the main Christian television networks in the US. The burden of this particular TV outreach, with which I can deeply identify, is
,iad on a wide black belt about 2 inches wide with a one over his shoulder. He was Chinese.
, that time I have always felt that China would do the ,ning and Russia would begin by supplying the equipment. .e reports in your paper of a military corridor in that area are he first confirmation of that part of the vision in 30 years.
These visions ceased by 1951 although they remain bright and clear in my memory. I have seen world events confirm most of the visions since that time and expect the rest to quickly follow. The Holy Spirit occupied me with other subjects then, including Israel Identification for about 15 vears and then began to speak and reveal the things that will follow the invasion (which is to shortly come to pass) but that is another subject.
Pastor Robert G. Millar
************ *H AM.FI.11-YAH* ************
WORLD NEWS
MIDDLE EAST During last summer an important Islamic religious leader told this office that by the end of November an extremely serious situation would exist leading towards a world wide holocaust.
This office reported that conversation to the Foreign Office and Sir Nigel Fisher (an extremely influential member of Parliament).
The Imam explained that Islamic prophecy indicates the forthcoming appearance of “The Expected One” (Mahdi). This expectation would sweep through Islam and encourage acts of great risk.
To our astonishment the Foreign Office replied that its agents had not picked up any such news. Thus once again this office was aware of facts of which the Foreign Office was apparently ignorant. As you only too well now know Islam is aflame with fanatical enthusiasms which Russia is encouraging when convenient. Soon now this whole anti American movement will turn on Israel as the alleged American Satellite in the Holy Area N of Jerusalem. Russia will support it and the Anglo-Saxon Powers will be compelled to resist.
Russia will try to fend off the climax until after the npic Games, but may not be able so to do.
If afraid of a holocaust, America temporarily adepts humiliation at the hands of the Islamic mobs it will be considered by those mobs as proof that the Mahdi is already on his way and is supernaturally fighting for Islam.
Many years of intense stupidity on the part of the West have led us all into an extremely dangerous situation. For years this office has warned you of the two crucial factors (1) The Middle East (2) Russia.
Plan For the Event
Please now get this message clearly. It is quite crucial:
(1)	Iran will make a straight military alliance with Russia very soon now.
(2)	Russia (with Iran) allied with Ethiopia and Libya will attack in the Middle East (Jerusalem) via Turkev with East German troops. Note that cardinal factor.
(3)	Because East German troops are involved, West Germany
will not go along with any NATO military projects. Because W. Germany won’t, nor will France. She can’t. Don’t blame her. She cannot.	*
(4)	All US and UK forces and kit locked up in »/. Germany will consequently be frozen. Lost. Forget the lot. They are lost.
(5)	The US will urge the UK to go it alone and will ask the UK to become a base of enormous proportions to which proposal the UK will agree.
(6)	As a result Russia will invade England by air.
All the above is the official Russian appreciation. The supreme need is NOT therefore quite meaningless nuclear devices based % *'n West Continental Europe (base them if you so wish, but they i!»will not make any difference). The following is the correct game plan:
(1)	Three armoured Army groups each of 5 divisions based in England: (a) East Anglia (b) Midlands (c) North.
(2)	Overwhelming air fighter cover for (1)
11	(3)	Every single ship in the US and UK out of mothballs foi
Atlantic defence.
(4)	An Anglo-Saxon alliance with (a) China (b) Egypt, supported by vast Naval and Air Forces.
Item (4) arouses great opposition amongst conservatives. So be it. You may detest us now but before 1983 you will say we were totally correct.
In 1939 this very office told Prime Minister Chamberlain that:
(1)	Russia would make a deal with Germany.
(2)	France would not launch an offensive in the West to support Poland.
(3)	If Britain forced France into war France would make separate peace.
All three vast occurrences took place.
The pattern of future events will conform exactly with our present prognostication. Don’t hope for some other result. There will be none. Prepare. You don’t have much time.
Who will win?
The Anglo-Saxon Powers will win, but only because of wholly exceptional occurrences, of which only this office (politically) has given you plain notice. Others - - outside politics - - have bravely done so likewise. But in the political circle, only this one single office has so done.
......W atch......Prepare.......Think
Think particularly about what you gain from thousands of conservative news letters spending all their space on allegations against dead and gone or now greatly aged criminal traitors, but not one single paragraph on the necessities of effective defences for tomorrow. It is pathetic and enormously sad.
Is Conservatism itself now a victim of the very traitors it denounces? Possibly so.
Furthermore the fabric of a nationwide resistance must be created NOW, not later, NOW. Painstaking researches have been made over the last 4 years. Almost all key persons in (e.g.) the Midlands area of England are ready to join up. But they MUST join NOW. Later on it will be too late because communications will be too difficult.
Similar studies in France have produced nil results whereas in Germany the reaction is actually hostile. Think of such miserable men as the late Baron Daniel von Dumreicher whose conduct (a conservative) was disgraceful. Count not upon France or Germany. Count on England only.
From Special Office Brief
NEW BRIEFS
SCIENTISTS consider New Madrid fault zone in mid Mississippi Valley as nation’s most threatening quake belt, w/possible damage up to 10 times that of similar quake along San Andreas fault.
IRISH BANK SUFFERS A RUN Dublin, Ireland (AP) - - Branches in the Irish Republic Bank were temporarily closed today after they ran out of money when anxious customers withdrew their cash in a scare over a possible shutdown.
The branches closed Thursday to get hold of more money after some $200 million was withdrawn, said spokesmen for the* four main banks.
The run followed speculation that the banks will be forced to shut by a clerical ban on transactions involving British currency. The clerks’ action backs a demand for extra pay to cope with additional work caused by the ending earlier this year of the long-standing close link between the Irish and British currencies.
************* *HALLELU-YAH* ***♦**♦***♦•
PROPHECY - DREAMS & VISIONS - THE HOLY NAME -IDENTITY - GOSPEL OF THE KINGDOM - ORDER OF
MELCHIZEDEK
^elism. I was impressed by the sincerity and the fervour of
men and women, but my in-depth evaluation of the situation As a whole was not so positive. On one of the TV programmes the well-known host of the talk show noted that their programme was now rated as top entertainment in its field. My journal entry for '^October 30.1978 reads as follows: *. . .that Christ is preached - -in this I can be glad. But that such. . .worldly and secular means are used, I find inconsistent with the preciousness and the dignity of the one proclaimed. . .How 1 long, with all my being, dear Jesus, to see you raise up anointed evangelists and apostles in the earth, whose message will be holy and true, whose credentials will be signs and wonders wrought in your great name, and whose passion will be to see trees hewn down upon the mountains that lumber might be gathered to build the glorious house of my God in all the earthl. . .’
A new message
Our modern-day cheap gospel of simply ‘receiving Jesus’ is totally out of character with the apostolic message. Dietrich Bonhoeffer defines cheap grace as ‘the preaching of forgiveness without discipleship, grace without the cross. . .Costly grace is the gospel which must be sought again and again. . .such grace is costly because it calls us to follow, and it is grace because it gives a man the only true life.’ Apostolic evangelism would never have qualified as ‘top entertainment’ in its field. It was a rugged call to a total surrender to the Lordship of Christ Jesus in the most devastating of terms: ‘. . .God has made him both Lord and Christ - - this Jesus whom you crucified. . .Repent, and let each of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit’ (Acts 2:36-38).
I believe that the reason why there is such shallowness among so many believers in this present movement is simply that many of its adherents are scarcely born-again, if at all. At best they are prematurely born, and unable to survive outside of the charismatic incubators that are being presently established all over the country as life-support systems for a sorry people who . have been introduced to God under this cheap gospel.
The gospel has now indeed become the top form of entertainment in its field! It is fashionable to be ‘born-again’ in America. In the times of the apostles it was not fashionable; it was devastating! The gospel of grace involved a deep, brokenhearted repentance and resulted in a truly transformed life; one that was totally out of character with the materialistic world system that surrounded it. The low spiritual level of our charismatic life in the US is clearly exemplified by the overwhelming success of that kind of hilarious ‘faith message’ that is presently being preached everywhere in which materialistic gain is being construed as godliness. American charismatics are determined to have the most, the best, the nicest, the costliest and the kingdom of heaven besides. In contrast, I can only think of Peter’s startling confession, ‘Silver and gold have 1 none. . .’, and to remember him who had ‘nowhere to lay his head’!
But thanks be to our God, a new form of evangelism is emerging, in which a new message is being declared - - a message of genuine and thorough repentance, a message of true and godly faith, a message of deep and lasting moral transformation that is birthing a strong, vibrant, healthy people for God’s own glory - - a people that stand out of character in the midst of a warped and materialistic generation.
New credentials
It pleases God to draw attention to his own message. He is his own advertising agehcy, by ‘many wonders and signs. . .’ As to the advertising means of the early Church, we are told that ‘with great power the apostles were giving witness to the resurrection of Jesus Christ, and great grace was upon them all’. Great power and great grace were their only credentials. They would never have relied on the carnal means that men have presently ' resorted to in calling attention to the claims of the gospel. Today, in the charismatic movement, the gospel is big business. Indeed, it is the best form of entertainment around! This new charismatic breed of evangelistic showmanship never ceases to amaze the world with its Hollywood razzle-dazzle. Gospel recordings, some
7 of the lyrics and music of which are thoroughly nauseating, are at an all time high. But thank God a new sound is being heard; a new demonstration is being seen upon the face of the earth; a new man of God and a new woman of God is emerging! Thanks be to God that the restored body of Jesus Christ is being shut up to this kind of holy evangelism! For without it there could be no effective way to reach this final generation for him.
A new purpose
Conventional modern-day evangelism is nearly always content to encourage new-born souls simply to ‘attend the church of their choice’. The fact that many of these would remain immature and weak all the days of their lives because of a poor choice of church does not seeni to be worth consideration. Most present-day evangelists seem to have no real vision for doing anything with the trees once they have been cut down upon the mountain top. The timber simply lies strewn here and there because of the great and consuming false notion of ecumenical unity that obsesses many in the charismatic movement. Some would reason, ‘We certainly would not want to start yet another church. That would be devisive. That would cause hard feelings!’ Actually in many cases, that could cut off the flow of support from various traditional sources. And so we continually fall short of what God is really after in this generation in our evangelism.
‘Thus says the Lord of host, “Consider your ways! Go up to the mountains, bring wood and rebuild the temple, that I may be pleased with it and glorified.’’ ’ Thanks be to God that a new breed of evangelist is beginning to be given to the Church by the Lord - - men who see the rebuilding of the House of God in these last days. Evangelists are starting to emerge who have a vision for the present purposes of God in the earth. They are bringing wood, and in team-ministry with apostles and prophets, pastors and teachers, they are moving towards the rebuilding of God’s glorious House in every place.
From Fulness Magazine, England. ************** HALLELU-YAH **************
ASHER AND THE SIGN OF SAGITTARIUS
((Stars of Israel Series” - - Part 13
Thef subject of the stars and the tribes continues with the three tribes located on the north side of the Tabernacle. Dan is the lead tribe of the three and the other two are Asher, which we now consider, and Naphtali. As the title states Asher’s sign, or ensign, in the heavens is the constellation of Sagittarius. As we continue to probe this study we shall see how this particular sign fits with the Tribe of Asher.
The name ASHER means HAPPY but to go further into the Hebrew root meanings it also means STRAIGHT, LEVEL, RIGHT, HAPPY, TO GO FORWARD, BE HONEST. All of these meanings are involved in the name of ASHER and this all fits so well with the meaning and picture of Sagittarius - - - who is shown as the ARCHER, which the name means, shooting forth a STRAIGHT arrow in RIGHTNESS, going FORWARD in HONESTY and conquering in GRACE.
The ancient names of Sagittarius are interesting and clarifying. The Hebrew and Syriac name is KESITH meaning the ARCHER which we have already mentioned. In Arabic the name is AL KAUS meaning THE ARROW, the word of truth and honesty that is in the mouth of the Asherites. The Coptic is PIMACRE meaning the GRACIOUSNESS OR BEAUTY OF THE COMING FORTH. Does this not fit with Asher’s name which also includes the meaning of GOING FORTH OR FORWARD? Asherites, as well as Sagittarians, are never looking back and wishing for the good old days but are always pressing forward, moving ahead, hopeful, anticipating. How gloriously and how confirmingly the stars agree with the pages of sacred writ in
declaring the truth of Israel and the stars!
For further clarification let us consider the bright stars of Sagittarius and their meaning. NAIM is the first one and it means GRACIOUSNESS or the GRACIOUS ONE. Asherites are known for their GRACE of both word and life. Jacob said of
GOSPEL OF THE KINGDOM - ORDER OF MELCHIZEDEK
Names in Red, represent the Kingly Line and Throne; Established For* ever: Psalm 89:35 * 37; Jeremiah 33: 17; II Samuel 7:12,13.
* Names omitted from Matthew’s account.
See Note 1.
When Jesus Christ returns to take the Throne of David, which has been "held in trust" by Eng land, it ceases to be the Throne of England, and becomes the Throne of United Israel (Ezek. 37:22). Jesus alone will then be King, and no one part of Israel yill dominate. This is the only way the Anglo-Saxon nations will be United in one nation, despite the efforts of men to bring it about by their own methods before the appointed time.
rHusband of Mary and (•Son (*in*Law) of Heli1 2 3 4 * *J
41. Joseph 40. Jacob 39. Matthan 38. Eleatar 37. Eliud 36. Actum 35. Sadoc 34. Azot 33. Eliakim 32. Abiud
''V-Salathicl
There has been some controversy as to whether Matthew's account, or Luke's, gives the genealogy of Mary, the mdrher of Jesus. Remember that Mary spoke of herself as "of low estate” (Luke 1:48) and Isaiah likened Christ to "a root out of a dry ground” (Isa. 53:2). Beyond this, the most conclusive answer teems to be in the following Scripture passages:
Isaiah 11:1--And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots.
Jeremiah 23:5 -- Behold, the days come, saith (he Lord, that I will raise unto David a righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute Judgment and justice in the earth.
See also, Jeremiah 33:15, Zechariah 3:8,6:12; and passages in the New Testament referring to the Branch or Rod.
IIC JeHoUeHi
(-31. JehoiakimV / f/
\l_Jchoiho: /
-jo. jo,uk
29. Amen • ^
28. Manassch'
>27. Ilcrekiah -26. Ahaz 25. Jotham 24. Uzziah 23. Amaziah *
-22. Joash *
>21. Ahaziah*
-20. Jehoram 19. Jehoshaphat |
18. Asa -17. Abijah -16. Rehoboam —15. Solomon
’ 14. David'7 13. Jesse
4. Judah \\
jy| m
1. Abraham
d?0f
ff//t 1 Vffr	V*

Oreck-end English Lexicon of the New Testament,” by Edward Robinson. D D- LL.D.. New York: 18(0.
The definitions of the words used here, as obtained from the original Hebrew, make these passages particularly specific. Branch as used in ha. 11:1 carries with it the sense of greenness, and means "a shoot.” Rod in the same verse is a word of uncertain origin and is translated sometimes, "twig.” Stem in the Hebrew comes from an unused root meaning to cut down (trees); and means the “trunk” or “stump” of a tree (as felled or planted): “stem,” "stock.” The word translated root in the same verse, means “bottom,” “deep,” “heel,” “root.” The word translated branch in Jeremiah and Zechariah means “a sprout.” "that which grew upon.” The-:e words summarized, then, refer us to a shoot or sprout (words not usually applied to the small branches in the upper part of a tree), growing out of the very stump, root, bottrni, or deep fxirt of the tree. This can only describe the line of Nathan as given by Lul;c. (The definitions above are from Strong's Exhaustive ContorAroce of the Bible, I9JJ edition.]
1	'X'e come now to the counting of the generations from Abraham to Christ, according to Matthew. He gives three groups of 14 generations each, but we find that his actual list is one generation short. Note, however, a very important change in his style in verse 17. Instead of referring all of his division points to individuals, he changes in one case alone and uses "the carrying away into Babylon.” There is no necessity to assume an error here, as some do. Referring to the Old Testament, we find that there were four kings which he omitted. Including these, we have three too many. Now for the explanation:
Matthew apparently omitted these names to call our attention to the fact that his genealogy was to be checked up and examined; and included the names of Jeconias and his son and grandson to emphasize that this is the line bearing the curse. Now if we consider this, remembering that Jeconias was to be “written childless” (Jcr. 22:30), and that the sins of the fathers were to he visited on the children unto the third and fourth generation (Deut. 5:9), then we have the answer. If we do not count the generations of Jeconias, Salathicl and Zerubbabet, then there are just 14 generations from Abraham to David, 14 generations from David to the carrying away into Babylon (which begin during the reigns of Manasseh and Amon), and 14 generations from that point to Christ. There are two additional points of importance here. Rememembcring how frequently Jesus Christ calls Himself “Son of man”', it should be noted that where Ezekiel, as a type of Christ, is so addressed, it is literally “Son of Adam.” It is significant, therefore, that Luke, and Luke alone, carries his genealogy back not only to Adam, but to God —• "the Son of God.” It is also significant that, taken this way, there are three groups of 14 generations from Nathan to Christ besides those in Matthew’s list. This would seem to offer us a check. The Bible demands that we search for the truth. “It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to search out a matter.” — Proverbs 25:2.
2	Three names of Jchoiachin: Jehoiachln, Jeconias and Coniah.
3	There was a veritable whirlpool of Kings In Judah immediately preceding the final captivity into Babylon. Therefore, where there is a possibility of confusion, the line of succession to the throne is indicated by a solid red line, while the line of descent to Indicated by a dotted line.
mL.
“ The word "son” does not appear hers In the original Creek, but is only implied. Where It does occur csrtier In the verse. It Is a word Including, among other meanings, “one who fills the place of a son"! (John 19: M), It Is "used very widely of Immediate,
remote, or figurative kinship." (Strong's Concordance). In view of all the evidence
above, as well as the custom not only among the Hebrews, but among many others as wed, of frequently using the term “son" in referring to a eon-in-law (I Samuel J:6. 4:16, 21:29. 2b: 17). or grandson (Cereals 28:9. 29:9; II Samuel 9:6. 19:24). we fed fully Justified In understanding this meaning to be Intended here.
<
iniiiy auores^^^W Box 228. Waynesville. N. C. 28786 Tax Exempt for Eldon D. Pu^BW-H.D. Editor. Yahshuah is Coming Soon